It is preferred by more universities and institutions, so you can be confident you’ll stand out to admissions officers where it counts.
It is preferred by universities

	Trusted scores backed by the TOEFL test's reputation and high standards help you stand out and show you have what it takes to be great.
scores backed by reputation

	Over 90% of TOEFL test takers surveyed got into their 1st or 2nd choice university.
takers surveyed 

That's why the TOEFL iBT® test is offered 3 different ways, so you can choose the testing option that best suits your needs and preferences:	TOEFL iBT test: Test on a computer at a test center;	TOEFL iBT® Home Edition: Test on a computer at home;	TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition: Test in 2 sessions — Reading, Listening, and Writing on paper at a test center, and Speaking on a computer at home.
test is offered 

Home Edition is the same TOEFL iBT test you would take at a test center, just taken from the privacy of your own home and monitored online by a human proctor.
test taken by proctor
test monitored by proctor

It is trusted and accepted by universities worldwide.
It is trusted by universities
It is accepted by universities

		The Reading, Listening, and Writing sections are taken on paper at a test center.
sections are taken 

	The Speaking section is taken at home on your computer monitored online by a human proctor, within 3 days after the paper sections.
section is taken 

Additional countries will be added in the future.
countries be added 

		Because the Speaking section is administered at home, make sure you meet the necessary Environment and Equipment requirements before you register.
section is administered 

	When you choose the TOEFL iBT® test, you're choosing the only test that measures academic English skills in the way they're actually used in a classroom.
they 're used 

But you're also getting a better test experience designed to help you succeed.
experience designed 

All tests are marked centrally using a combination of AI and human scoring.
tests are marked 

	This free service matches you with universities based on criteria you entered in your profile, so you're more likely to receive information about programs, financial aid, fellowships and other educational opportunities.
universities based 

		That's why it's accepted by more than 11,500 universities and other institutions in over 160 countries, including Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United States, the U.K., and across Europe and Asia.
it 's accepted by universities

		The test is conveniently offered via 3 testing options:	the traditional TOEFL iBT test in a test center;	the TOEFL iBT
test is offered 

		It's the only test that measures all 4 academic English skills — reading, listening, speaking, and writing — the way they are actually used in a classroom.
they are used 

	Join our mailing list to receive the latest updates, news and resources related to the TOEFL iBT test.
news related 

	The TOEFL iBT® Reading section is designed to assess how well you can read and understand the kind of materials used in an academic environment.
section is designed 
materials used 

		Reading passages are excerpts from university-level textbooks that would be used in introductions to a discipline or topic.
that be used 

All the information you need to answer the questions will be included in the passage.
information be included 

There is a glossary feature available to define words not commonly used, if you need it.
words used 

	The TOEFL iBT® Listening section is designed to measure your ability to understand conversations and lectures in English.
section is designed 

	The TOEFL iBT® Speaking section is designed to measure your ability to speak English effectively in academic settings.
section is designed 

It is composed of 4 tasks that resemble real-life situations you might encounter both in and outside of a classroom.
It is composed 

		Question 1 is called an "independent speaking task" because it requires you to draw entirely on your own ideas, opinions and experiences when you respond.
Question is called 

	Questions 2–4 are called "integrated speaking tasks" because they require you to combine your English-language skills — listening and speaking, or listening, reading and speaking — just as you would in or out of a classroom.
2–4 are called 

Your responses are recorded and sent to ETS, where they will be scored by a combination of AI scoring and certified human raters to ensure fairness and quality.
responses are recorded 
responses are sent 
they be scored by combination
they be certified by combination

See the Speaking Scoring Guides (Rubrics) (PDF) for more information about how your responses are scored.
responses are scored 

	The TOEFL® Practice Online Speaking Series, an official test prep tool from ETS, is exclusively dedicated to helping you practice your English-speaking skills.
Series is dedicated 

	The TOEFL iBT® test Writing section is designed to measure your ability to write in English in an academic setting, and you're expected to be able to present your ideas in a clear, well-organized manner.
section is designed 
section is expected 
you 're expected 

	Integrated writing task (20 minutes) — read a short passage and listen to a short lecture, then write in response to what you read and listened to;	Independent writing task (30 minutes) — write an essay based on personal experience or opinion in response to a writing topic.
essay based 

Responses are sent to ETS, where they are scored by a combination of AI scoring and certified human raters to ensure fairness and quality.
Responses are sent 
they are scored by combination
they are certified by combination

	The writing tasks are designed to measure your English proficiency, so you don't need deep knowledge of specialized topics to get a high score.
tasks are designed 

See the Writing Scoring Guides (Rubrics) (PDF) for more information about how the essays are scored.
essays are scored 

The Australian government does not currently accept any English-language tests that are taken at home, including the TOEFL iBT Home Edition.
that are taken 

The New Zealand government does not currently accept English-language tests that are taken at home, including the TOEFL iBT Home Edition.
that are taken 

scores are also accepted for permanent skilled migration visas.
scores are accepted 

For the Skilled Migrant Category Resident Visa, you need a total score of 79 or more from a test taken within 2 years prior to your application date.
test taken 

scores are also recognized by the New Zealand Qualifications Authority (NZQA) for Institutes of Technology and Polytechnics (ITPs) and Private Training Establishments (PTEs).
scores are recognized by Authority

scores are sent to Canadian universities than all other English tests combined.
scores are sent 
tests combined 

	The TOEFL iBT test is accepted for admissions by 100% of all U.K. universities, including the prestigious Russell Group universities.
test is accepted 

		The TOEFL iBT test is accepted for the English-language requirement of Student route visas under certain conditions.
test is accepted 

Universities are permitted by the Home Office to choose how to assess applicants' English-language abilities.
Universities are permitted by Office

Under this provision, a university may issue a Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) for students with scores from an English test that is not formally recognized by the U.K. Home Office as a Secure English Language Test (SELT), including the TOEFL iBT test.
that is recognized by Office

	You meet the TOEFL iBT score requirements set by the Home Office for immigration.
requirements set by Office

		You must be accepted by a reputable institution in the EU country prior to applying.
You be accepted by institution

If you haven't received a response within 90 days, it's likely that you were denied, and you should reach out to the visa office for more information.
you were denied 

	Demonstrate your English proficiency with the test that is preferred by 9 out of 10 universities in the United States and accepted everywhere.
that is preferred by universities
that is accepted by universities

		Before you can apply for your U.S. student visa, you must be accepted by a study program at an accredited American institution, which will require you to prove your English proficiency with a test like the TOEFL iBT test.
you be accepted by program

		Once you've applied, you must:	travel to your nearest U.S. Embassy or Consulate for a face-to-face visa interview before it's issued;	provide proof that you can financially support yourself while studying in America;	demonstrate that you have sufficient reason to return home after your studies are over.
it 's issued 

	Student visa applications can be rejected or delayed if all required portions of the form aren't completed, so be sure to read and follow all instructions.
applications be rejected 
applications be delayed 
portions are completed 

	You may be required to have a medical examination or get vaccinations before being issued a student visa.
You be required 

You may be asked to prove how your education abroad will help you get a job in your native country.
You be asked 

90% of TOEFL iBT® test takers surveyed were accepted into their 1st or 2nd choice university, and you can be, too!
% were accepted 
% were be 
takers surveyed 

You'll need to submit your request and have your accommodations approved by ETS Disability Services before you can schedule your test.
accommodations approved by Services

	Note: Walk-in registration at test centers is not permitted.
Note is permitted 

With the online registration system, you'll take advantage of:		easy access to official test prep and exclusive savings when you bundle essential resources;	a test center search powered by Google Maps™;	the ability to register 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
search powered by ™

	If you are testing in the United States, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico or Canada, use the mailing address that corresponds to your payment method listed on the Registration Form.
method listed 

	Forms must be received at least 4 weeks before your test date.
Forms be received 

		The TOEFL iBT® test is offered up to 6 days a week around the world at authorized test centers or from home.
test is offered 

Pick a date at least 2 to 3 months before your earliest admissions deadline to ensure your scores will be reported in time.
scores be reported 

Score reports are sent to your designated score recipients approximately 8–16 days after your test date.
reports are sent 

	The TOEFL iBT test is offered more than 60 times a year at authorized test centers around the world.
test is offered 

	The TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition is currently offered 1–2 times a month at authorized test centers in Colombia, India, Mexico and the United States.
Edition is offered 

If the name doesn't match, you won't be able to take the test, and your test fee won't be refunded.
fee be refunded 

If the names don't match, you won't be able to take the test, and your test fee won't be refunded.
fee be refunded 

	When you register for your TOEFL® test, you're required to enter your identification (ID) information.
you 're required 

If this information doesn't match, you won't be able to take the test, and your test fee won't be refunded.
fee be refunded 

Each ID document must:		be an original document; photocopied documents are not acceptable, and documents cannot be presented on a mobile phone or any other electronic device;	be a physical ID; an electronic ID issued to a mobile phone or any other electronic device is not acceptable;	be a government-issued national/state/province identity card that is issued and recognized by the country where you are a citizen or resident;	be valid; expired documents are not acceptable;	include your full name and date of birth exactly matching the name and date of birth you used to register, excluding accents or diacritical marks;	include a recent, recognizable photograph;	include your signature (the name on the ID and the signature name must match).
documents be presented 
that is issued by country
that is recognized by country
ID issued 

	If you are age 15 or younger when you take the test, we suggest that you be accompanied by a parent or other authorized adult age 18 or older, who will be required to complete and sign a release form at the test center.
you be accompanied by parent
who be required 

	Note: If your ID document is not written in English-language letters and the test center administrator cannot read it, you may not be able to take the test, and your test fee will not be refunded.
document is written 
fee be refunded 

	If you have been granted political asylum, have refugee status or are otherwise unable to meet the ID requirements, you must contact the ETS Office of Testing Integrity (OTI) at least 7 days before you register.
you been granted 

If you don't contact OTI and as a result you can't take the test or your scores are held or cancelled, your test fee will not be refunded.
scores are held 
scores are cancelled 
fee be refunded 

This letter must be typed or printed on the original letterhead of the educational institution you attend(ed) and, in addition to meeting all of the ID Document Requirements, must include your date of birth and the date issued.
letter be typed 
letter be printed 
letter be include 

Such letters are valid for only one year from the date issued.
date issued 

	Image of confirmation of identity letter;	Driver's license renewals;	If you are in the U.S. military and the expiration of your driver's license has been extended or deferred by the issuing state, it can be used as supplemental ID along with your U.S. military ID card.
Image been extended by state
Image been deferred by state
Image been used by state
it be used 

Depending on the state, the extension or deferral may consist of a sticker on the license, the designation "military" printed in place of an expiration date, or a separate document carried with the license, usually with a notation that the license is valid for a specific amount of time after discharge from service.
document carried 

	If your driver's license has expired but you present it along with your Original Department of Public Safety renewal certificate, the 2 documents together can be accepted if the names match exactly.
documents be accepted 

If you have a temporary paper license instead of a renewal certificate, that is acceptable only if it is accompanied by an acceptable supplemental ID.
it is accompanied by ID

	Only one monitor or screen; multiple monitors or dual screens are not permitted.
monitors are permitted 

	Approved operating system, which must be licensed.
which be licensed 

Unlicensed or test-mode versions are not permitted.
versions are permitted 

	MAC®: Mac OS X® 10.5 or higher (10.13 High Sierra is recommended).
Sierra is recommended 

	Headsets or earphones aren't allowed.
Headsets are allowed 

	The tabletop and surrounding area must be clear of all items not approved for use during the test, including cell phones (except when used for check in), cameras, notes and study materials.
items approved 

	Food and drink aren't allowed during the test.
Food are allowed 

Religious headwear is permitted if your ears remain visible during the test.
headwear is permitted 

Face masks may not be worn during check in or any part of the at home testing session.
masks be worn 
masks be part 

You'll be monitored via camera by the proctor, and your photo will be shared with institutions that receive your scores.
You be monitored 
You be shared 
photo be shared 

	At the end of the test, you'll need to show the proctor that all notes have been erased.
notes been erased 

	Here are the fees associated with taking the TOEFL iBT® test.
fees associated 

In jurisdictions where the customer is required to account for any local taxes due, the price remitted to ETS excludes those taxes.
customer is required 
price remitted 

		In the jurisdictions listed below, test and test-related fees are exclusive of any sales, use, value-added or similar taxes and will be added to the order when it is placed.
it is placed 
jurisdictions listed 

	The TOEFL Fee Reduction Service is designed for high school seniors in the United States with financial need who are applying to colleges and universities where TOEFL scores are recommended or required.
Service is designed 
scores are recommended 
scores are required 

	American Express®, Discover®, JCB®, China Union Pay®, Diners Club®, Mastercard® or VISA® are accepted.
® are accepted 

	Note: Only VISA cards are accepted in Benin, Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria and Togo.
cards are accepted 

No other cards are accepted.
cards are accepted 

The system will display available local currencies and the credit card types supported for each.
types supported 

	E-checks must be drawn on a bank in the United States, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico or Canada, in U.S. dollars only.
checks be drawn 

		Note: Your bank account may be debited the same day we receive your request.
account be debited 

	PayPal can be used to pay for a test through your ETS Account.
PayPal be used 

The following information must be preprinted on the check:	bank name;	bank address;	check or money order number;	payer's name and address.
information be preprinted 

		Note:	Post-dated checks are not accepted.
checks are accepted 

	any currency other than U.S. dollars (for payments not made by credit/debit card).
payments made by card

		Make sure all payments for tests and services:	are paid in full at the time the service is requested;	have the correct numeric and written dollar amount, if paying by check or money order;	have any necessary signature(s).
service is requested 

		Any outstanding balance from prior ETS tests or services must be paid in full before you register.
balance be paid 

Services or test scores may be withheld for non-payment.
Services be withheld 

		If you do not submit the correct fee, your registration form or request for service will be returned.
form be returned 

	If you arrive at your testing appointment and find out that the test administration has been canceled by ETS, and you do not wish to reschedule, you can receive a full refund of your test fee.
administration been canceled by ETS

	Refunds are issued in the currency used to pay for the test and include taxes as applicable.
Refunds are issued 

	You won't receive a refund if registration procedures weren't followed or if you didn't present the required ID at the test center.
procedures were followed 
procedures were present 

	If you paid by credit/debit card or e-check, the refund will be credited back to the original credit/debit card or bank account.
refund be credited 

	If payment was made with a personal check, please allow 8 weeks for processing.
payment was made 

(The balance is retained to cover expenses for processing your registration and holding a seat.)
balance is retained 

No refunds are given for other services.
refunds are given 

		For more information about how your refund will be processed, see Payment and Refund Policies.
refund be processed 

The Supplement should be used together with the information in the TOEFL iBT® Information Bulletin.
Supplement be used 

	You must submit your request and have your accommodations approved by ETS Disability Services before your test can be scheduled.
test be scheduled 
accommodations approved by Services

Documentation review takes approximately 6 weeks once your request and completed paperwork are received.
request are received 

If you are required to submit additional documentation, the review can take another 6 weeks from the time the new documents are received.
you are required 
documents are received 

		Once you've been approved, you'll receive an email providing instructions on how to register for the test.
you been approved 

		ETS is committed to providing a variety of test prep in accessible formats.
ETS is committed 

		The Speaking section of the Paper Edition test is taken on a computer.
section is taken 

You can become familiar with the types of questions and content on the actual test and understand how the test sections are structured.
sections are structured 

		Note: Audio is not included for Listening, Speaking and Writing questions.
Audio is included 

However, transcripts of the audio are provided where applicable.
transcripts are provided 

	Receive scores within 24 hours, with performance feedback on all 4 skills measured on the test — reading, listening, speaking, and writing.
skills measured 

	A headset and a non-voice activated microphone are recommended for the Speaking section.
headset are recommended 

Mac users may also use the internal speakers and microphone located in the computer.
microphone located 

	Note: These sample questions allow you to experience the types of tasks presented in the TOEFL iBT® test.
tasks presented 

They are not intended to mimic the testing experience.
They are intended 

	Note: These sample questions allow you to experience the types of tasks presented in the TOEFL iBT® test.
tasks presented 

They are not intended to mimic the testing experience.
They are intended 

	Note: These sample questions allow you to experience the types of tasks presented in the TOEFL iBT® test.
tasks presented 

They are not intended to mimic the testing experience.
They are intended 

Audio is not included with the questions in these sets.
Audio is included 

However, transcripts of the audio are provided.
transcripts are provided 

	Note: These sample questions allow you to experience the types of tasks presented in the TOEFL iBT® test.
tasks presented 

They are not intended to mimic the testing experience.
They are intended 

Audio is not included with the questions in these sets.
Audio is included 

However, transcripts of the audio are provided.
transcripts are provided 

Each volume offers 5 practice tests and includes:	Interactive online versions of all 5 tests; All tests are accessed via a unique code;	Sample Speaking and Writing responses;	Audio files and written transcripts for all listening passages.
tests are accessed 

Learn more about the products included in each, including any system requirements.
products included 

All of our prep that is designed for screens is accessible to screen readers.
that is designed 

		Note: Audio is not included for Listening, Speaking and Writing questions.
Audio is included 

However, transcripts of the audio are provided where applicable.
transcripts are provided 

It's also important to know what to expect when you take the test, especially the rules that help ensure the test is administered in a fair and secure manner.
test is administered 

The Speaking section of the Paper Edition is given as an at home test, while the other 3 sections are administered at a test center.
section is given 
sections are administered 

All issues must be resolved before your appointment time.
issues be resolved 

	Close all browsers and applications not needed for the test.
browsers needed 

(All other materials are prohibited.)
materials are prohibited 

	Acceptable note-taking materials, such as a whiteboard or plastic transparency sheet, that can be erased in view of the proctor.
materials be erased 
that be erased 

	Make sure you are dressed appropriately, with your ears and face visible to the proctor.
you are dressed 

Face masks may not be worn during check in or any part of the at home testing experience.
masks be worn 
masks be part 

If you haven't checked in by that time, your test will be canceled and your fee won't be refunded.
test be canceled 
test be refunded 
fee be refunded 

If you don't, your test can be canceled and your fee won't be refunded.
test be canceled 
test be refunded 
fee be refunded 

	Personal recording devices of any kind are strictly prohibited.
devices are prohibited 

Ignore these; headsets are not allowed when testing at home.
headsets are allowed 

Unscheduled breaks aren't allowed.
breaks are allowed 

	Make sure you can always be seen on camera by the proctor.
you be seen by proctor

	If you lose your internet connection momentarily, you'll automatically be reconnected to the proctor when your connection is restored.
you be reconnected 
connection is restored 

If your exam can be reopened, your proctor will do so for you.
exam be reopened 

		Your entire test session will be recorded by ProctorU and monitored by a human proctor, and your photo will be taken.
session be recorded by ProctorU
session be monitored by ProctorU
session be taken by ProctorU
photo be taken 

Your photo from the test session will be shared with institutions as part of your TOEFL iBT score report.
photo be shared 

	You must resolve all issues (shown in red) and pass the equipment check prior to checking in for your test.
issues shown 

	Close all browsers and applications not needed for the test.
browsers needed 

		What if I have a technical issue and my start time is extended?
time is extended 

The chat icon (a blue owl) can be found on the task bar for a PC and on the menu bar for Mac®.
icon be found 

	If you lose your internet connection momentarily, you'll automatically be reconnected to the proctor when your connection is restored.
you be reconnected 
connection is restored 

If your exam can be reopened, your proctor will do so for you.
exam be reopened 

	To help protect the health and safety of test takers and staff, enhanced procedures have been implemented at test centers, including:	social distancing measures;	masks may be required during the entire test;	allowance of gloves to be worn;	enhanced cleaning of testing stations.
procedures been implemented 
masks be required 
allowance be worn 

Be sure to check with your local test center for a complete list of health and safety procedures required for admission to the test center.
procedures required 

	The list of things you must bring to the test center on the day of your TOEFL iBT® test is short:		valid, acceptable identification (ID);	a mask;	a printout of your order confirmation email (for the Paper Edition test only) — you will need to record information from the email on your answer sheet;	#2 or HB pencils and erasers (for the Paper Edition test only) — mechanical pencils are not permitted.
pencils are permitted 

		If you don't bring valid and acceptable identification, or if the name on your ID doesn't exactly match the name in your account, you won't be able to take the test, and your test fee won't be refunded.
fee be refunded 

If you don't have one, you won't be admitted to the test center.
you be admitted 

		Depending on the test center and/or local policy, you may be required to wear it some or all of the time you're in the test center.
you be required 

You can wear a mask even if it's not required.
it 's required 

Masks with valves or vents aren't permitted.
Masks are permitted 

	You may also bring rubber gloves to wear during the test, but they aren't required.
they are required 

		For a full list of prohibited items and items that may be inspected, see the Information Bulletin.
that be inspected 

		ETS respects individuals' privacy and has implemented procedures to ensure that the check-in process is completed in a respectful manner.
process is completed 

Failure to comply may result in your dismissal from the test, and your test fee will not be refunded.
fee be refunded 

		More details about test center procedures and regulations can be found in the TOEFL iBT® Information Bulletin.
details be found 

Your photo will be displayed at your computer station and embedded into your score reports.
photo be displayed 
photo be embedded 

	You may request that inspections be performed by a staff member of the same gender as you, and/or in an area that is sheltered from the view of other people.
inspections be performed by member
that is sheltered 

	You'll be given noise-reducing headphones with a microphone that you'll speak into for the Speaking section of the test.
You be given 

In some countries, the common keyboard used is configured to QWERTY and a template is provided to each test taker to help with locating the few keys that are in a different location.
keyboard is configured 
keyboard is provided 
template is provided 
keyboard used 

	You will not have access to personal items such as books, electronic devices, handbags or backpacks, which are stored separately to maintain security.
which are stored 

	At the end of the test, your Reading and Listening sections are scored instantly.
sections are scored 

	Canceled scores aren't reported to you or to any institution or agency.
scores are reported 

If you choose to cancel on either, your entire test scores will be canceled.
scores be canceled 

All reported incidents of fraud are taken seriously and investigated closely.
incidents are taken 
incidents are investigated 

All information is held in the strictest confidence.
information is held 

To this end, ETS has established and maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure the integrity and fairness of your testing experience.
policies designed 

There are procedures that test centers must follow to ensure the test is administered in a fair, secure manner.
test is administered 

If you refuse or fail to follow any instructions of test center staff or the proctor, your test session will be terminated, and your test fee won't be refunded.
session be terminated 
session be refunded 
fee be refunded 

		More details about test center procedures and regulations can be found in the TOEFL iBT® Information Bulletin.
details be found 

	Fraudulent or unethical testing behavior will not be tolerated.
behavior be tolerated 

If ETS believes that a test taker may have gained an unfair advantage by sharing or obtaining test questions, topics or answers before, during or after the test, or that a test was completed in whole or in part by someone or with the assistance of someone other than the registered test taker, ETS may exercise its right to cancel the test taker's appointment in advance, hold or cancel the test taker's scores and/or ban the test taker from future testing.
test was completed by in

		If your scores are placed on hold, you will not be able to send score reports to any institution or agency until the investigation is complete and the scores are released.
scores are placed 
scores are released 

		If any of ETS's investigative methods result in a test taker's scores being canceled, or if unethical behavior is identified on or after test day, ETS may also share its concerns with score recipients selected by the test taker, so that the information can be considered in the institution's or agency's decision-making process.
scores being canceled 
behavior is identified 
information be considered 
recipients selected by taker

	The test center administrator or proctor is authorized to dismiss you from the test center and/or terminate your test, and ETS reserves the right to hold and/or cancel your scores, and/or ban you from future testing, for any action that violates any of the policies and procedures in the Bulletin, on the TOEFL website or communicated to you at the test center or by the proctor on the day of the test, including but not limited to:		Taking or attempting to take the test or part of the test for someone else, or having or attempting to have someone take the test or part of the test for you.
administrator is authorized 
administrator is reserves 
administrator is ban 
administrator is communicated 

	Referring to, looking through or working on any test or test section when not authorized to do so, or working after time has been called.
Referring been called 
looking been called 

This includes on your ID documents, via prohibited devices, and any other method used as an aid in connection with the test.
method used 

ETS reserves the right to cancel scores when evidence of pre-knowledge is found.
evidence is found 
knowledge is found 

	Using or having a phone, watch of any kind, or any other electronic device in your testing environment is prohibited and will result in your dismissal from the test center, test termination and/or cancellation of your scores by ETS.
Using is prohibited 
Using is result 
Using is termination 
Using is cancellation 

Your test fee will not be refunded.
fee be refunded 

You may also be prohibited from wearing certain clothing or hair accessories during testing.
You be prohibited 

Items that may be inspected and/or prohibited include, but are not limited to:	neckties;	bow ties;	hats;	scarves;	jackets and other outerwear;	tie clips;	cuff links;	combs;	barrettes;	headbands;	jewelry (other than wedding rings).
that be inspected 
that be prohibited 

	Having food or beverages in the testing area, unless you have been approved for an accommodation based on a disability or health-related need.
you been approved 
accommodation based 

Disruptive behavior in any form will not be tolerated.
behavior be tolerated 

Communication in any form is prohibited, including discussing or sharing test questions, topics or answers during the test or during previously approved breaks, and discussing or sharing test questions, topics or answer after the test.
Communication is prohibited 

	Failing to follow any regulations in the Bulletin, on this website, instructions given by the test center administrator, proctor, or specified in any materials.
instructions given by administrator

If your scores are canceled, they will not be reported and your test fee will not be refunded.
scores are canceled 
they be reported 
they be refunded 
fee be refunded 

	On occasion, weather conditions, technical issues or other circumstances beyond our control may result in a delayed start or rescheduled test, or scores may be canceled after you take the test.
scores be canceled 

		If your test is rescheduled by ETS before you test, you can select a different test date and you will not be charged the rescheduling fee.
test is rescheduled by ETS
you be charged 

		If you travel to the test center and find out that the test administration has been canceled by ETS, you can reschedule your test at no charge or receive a full refund of your test fee.
administration been canceled by ETS

Refunds are issued in the currency used to pay for the test.
Refunds are issued 
Refunds are used 

Your scores provide:		a true reflection of your abilities in the way they're used in an actual classroom;	fair and unbiased scores from a centralized scoring network, not a test center.
they 're used 

When your goal is university study, choose the test with scores that are widely accepted and preferred around the world.
that are accepted 
that are preferred 

	Your score report includes MyBest® scores, also known as superscores, to help you show your best overall performance and achieve your goals sooner.
scores known 

All scoring is handled by a centralized scoring network to ensure consistency, fairness and quality, and to offer a complete and accurate picture of your ability.
scoring is handled by network

PDF score reports are ready for download 2 days after you receive your scores electronically through your ETS account, or you can view this list of dates (PDF) for an estimated availability date, for tests taken at a test center.
tests taken 

Note: PDF score reports are currently not available for tests taken in Mainland China.
tests taken 

	If you requested a paper copy of your score report before you took the test, it will be mailed 11–15 days after your test date, or sooner depending on how you took the test.
it be mailed 

	If you would like to reinstate canceled scores, your request must be received no later than 60 days after your test date.
request be received 

Scores canceled by ETS cannot be reinstated.
Scores be reinstated 
Scores canceled by ETS

	Your scores can be reviewed only once.
scores be reviewed 

	If you want both sections reviewed, they must be done at the same time.
they be done 

	Your scores can't be reviewed if you have already requested that they be sent to an institution or agency.
scores be reviewed 
they be sent 

		Scores are reported 1–3 weeks after we receive your request and payment.
Scores are reported 

	Score reports are mailed 3–5 business days after your request is received.
reports are mailed 
request is received 

	Score reports are mailed 10 business days after your request is received.
reports are mailed 
request is received 

		Score reports are mailed 10 business days after your request is received.
reports are mailed 
request is received 

	These are added together for a total score of 0–120.
These are added 

	There are no passing or failing scores set by the TOEFL® Program or ETS.
scores set by Program

For more information about how your scores will be used or interpreted, contact the institution or agency directly.
scores be used 
scores be interpreted 

		This image shows a single student test score where scores for reading, listening, speaking, writing and a total score are shown on the left, and the right image is showing the test takers MyBest score for each section from all of their valid TOEFL scores in the last 2 years.
scores are shown 
score are shown 

It will not include your scores from tests taken at a test center or from home with the TOEFL iBT® Home Edition.
tests taken 

	TOEFL tests are only scored by a centralized scoring network, never at the test center.
tests are scored by network

The Reading and Listening sections are scored by computer.
sections are scored by computer

The Speaking and Writing sections are scored by a combination of automated AI scoring and multiple, highly trained human raters to:	offer a complete and accurate picture of your ability;	minimize the rater bias that can occur with face-to-face interviews;	ensure consistency and the highest quality.
sections are scored by combination

Paper Edition Writing section is scored by human raters only.
section is scored by raters

Below is a list of the institutions known by ETS to accept MyBest scores for their programs.
institutions known by ETS

It is based on information taken from university websites or other official university sources.
It is based 
information taken 

Because the Home Edition is still a TOEFL iBT test, scores can be accepted and used in the same way as the test center version, and we have received overwhelmingly positive feedback about the acceptance and use of Home Edition scores from thousands of universities worldwide.
scores be accepted 
scores be used 
scores be received 

Home Edition, based on information taken from university websites or other official university sources.
Edition based 
information taken 

Under the ETS privacy and information security policy, it is the program's responsibility to protect information that is stored in data or research files held by ETS from unauthorized disclosure.
that is stored 
files held by ETS

Under certain specific conditions, this data may be shared:	ETS or its authorized associate(s) may share test takers' score data with institutions or agencies for verification purposes.
data be shared 

	TOEFL test score data or writing and speaking responses that are not individually identified may be used at any time for informational, research, statistical or training purposes.
that are identified 
data be used 

Information retained in TOEFL records is the same as the information in the score posting and on the official score reports.
Information retained 

	Official score reports will be sent only to those institutions or agencies chosen by the test taker when he or she registered to test, on a Score Report Request Form submitted at a later date, or otherwise authorized by the test taker.
reports be sent 
institutions chosen by taker
Form submitted by taker
Form authorized by taker

	Test takers who provide their TOEFL registration numbers to an entity (for example, government immigration offices) are deemed to have authorized release of their TOEFL score data to that entity.
takers are deemed 

To that end, ETS reserves the right to share any and all information in its possession about a test taker and the terms and conditions of test taking with appropriate parties, including:	Any entity contracted with ETS and recognized as an authorized user of TOEFL test scores.
entity contracted 
entity recognized 

	Information subject to release to appropriate parties includes — but is not limited to — test taker identifying information, information concerning the conduct and findings of any test security investigation, and information regarding the test center where the test was taken.
test was taken 

Unless your photograph or other biometric samples taken on the day of the test or during the check-in or registration process are being used in connection with a test security investigation, ETS shall retain them for a maximum of 3 years unless local regulations limit retention.
photograph being used 
photograph taken 

		Please include:	the test name;	the test section;	the test date;	the name of the center where the test was taken;	the number of the test item being questioned, if possible.
test was taken 
item questioned 

Scores may be canceled as a result of test taker behavior or irregularities that affect testing integrity.
Scores be canceled 

	Fraudulent or unethical testing behavior will not be tolerated.
behavior be tolerated 

ETS reserves the right to cancel a test taker's test appointment in advance, hold or cancel the test taker's scores, and/or ban the test taker from future testing if it appears that the entire test wasn't taken solely by person who was registered, or that there was pre-knowledge of test questions or answers.
test was taken by person
test was was by person
who was registered 

		If your scores are placed on hold, you will not be able to send score reports to any institution or agency until the investigation is complete and the scores are released.
scores are placed 
scores are released 

		If any of ETS's investigative methods result in a test taker's scores being cancelled, or if unethical behavior is identified on test day, ETS may also share its concerns with score recipients selected by the test taker so that the information can be considered in the institution or agency's decision-making process.
scores being cancelled 
behavior is identified 
information be considered 
recipients selected by taker

	Circumstances at the test center reasonably indicate that the test was improperly administered due to fraudulent or other improper or illegal activities.
test was administered 

In certain circumstances, determined by ETS, all scores for test takers at a particular test center may be canceled even if there is no evidence of individual wrongdoing.
scores be canceled 
circumstances determined by ETS

	If your test administration is canceled before you test, or your test cannot be scored or your scores are canceled due to a testing irregularity, you can select a different test date and you will not be charged the rescheduling fee.
administration is canceled 
administration is scored 
administration is canceled 
test be scored 
test be canceled 
scores are canceled 
you be charged 

		If you arrive at your testing appointment and find out that the test administration has been canceled by ETS, you can reschedule your test at no charge or receive a full refund of your test fee.
administration been canceled by ETS

In addition, when there is information that ETS considers sufficient that the administrator of the test did not comply with regulations, some or all scores from that administration may be held or canceled.
scores be held 
scores be canceled 

If you are dismissed from the test center, your test is terminated or your scores are canceled, your scores will not be reported, and your test fee will not be refunded.
you are dismissed 
test is terminated 
test is canceled 
scores are canceled 
scores be reported 
scores be refunded 
fee be refunded 

Your identity will be held in confidence.
identity be held 

	The procedures and options described below apply to score validity cases only and do not apply to testing irregularities, discrepancies in test taker identification or test taker misconduct.
procedures described 

		Most test scores are reported by ETS without any question regarding their validity.
scores are reported by ETS

ETS also makes available 3 options for resolution, which are described in detail under "Options Leading to Resolution" below.
which are described 

	ETS tests are widely viewed as accurate assessments of the abilities they are designed to measure.
tests are viewed 
they are designed 

This is why ETS questions test scores when it is believed they may be invalid.
it is believed 

During the registration process, upon arrival at the test center and before the start of the testing session, test takers are required to signify their agreement to accept ETS policies and procedures.
takers are required 

Communications in cases of questioned scores, including the information provided below, are designed to help test takers understand ETS procedures for reviewing scores so that questions about score validity can be resolved as quickly and equitably as possible.
Communications are designed 
questions be resolved 
information provided 

		The test taker's score record and the documents completed that are retained at ETS may be released to any entity that ETS recognizes as an authorized recipient of scores, including without limitation (1) any entity to which ETS reports scores at the test taker's request, (2) any government agency, including agencies responsible for administration or enforcement of U.S. criminal and/or immigration laws, and (3) pursuant to a U.S. or foreign subpoena or required by applicable law.
that are retained 
record be released 
documents completed 

		ETS may be required by a score recipient or other third party to release the names of test takers whose scores have been questioned, whether or not these scores are canceled and the reason for the score cancellation.
ETS be required by recipient
scores been questioned 
scores are canceled 
scores are reason 

The information that may be released includes, but is not limited to, identifying information, details of any test security investigation and details regarding the test center where the test was taken.
that be released 
test was taken 

Unless ETS finds substantial evidence that test scores are invalid, the scores are reported.
scores are reported 

If ETS has concerns about the validity of test scores, the test taker is offered an opportunity to respond and select an option for resolving the matter.
taker is offered 

If the matter cannot be resolved, ETS will cancel the questioned scores.
matter be resolved 

In that event, the options available in connection with Score Invalidity reviews will not be available even if those options were previously offered.
options were offered 

		Although ETS considers information received from these sources, ETS does not cancel scores unless it is determined that there is substantial evidence that the scores are invalid.
information received 

		Comparisons of, including but not limited to:	a test taker's answers with those of other test takers;	a test taker's scores with previous scores, or scores on different sections of the test;	the handwriting from documents completed on test day with handwriting on other documents;	identification documents presented by the test taker on test day with other records;	the information on test day documents with other records;	answers changed to match those of another test taker;	biometric data.
documents completed 
documents presented by taker
documents changed 

	When questions are raised before test scores have been reported, ETS does not report the scores to score recipients unless and until concerns about their validity have been resolved.
questions are raised 
scores been reported 
concerns been resolved 

On the other hand, if previously reported scores are in question, ETS does not notify score recipients unless and until it has decided to cancel the scores after the review and resolution process has been completed, or after the test taker has failed to comply with deadlines for submitting information or exercising an option.
process been completed 

		If OTI determines that there is not substantial evidence of invalidity, it terminates the review and sends any scores not already reported to the test taker and designated score recipients.
scores reported 

Any score recipients who have raised questions about the scores are then advised that ETS found no score validity issues that would cause the scores to be canceled.
recipients are advised 
scores be canceled 

Upon receipt of such information, OTI staff refer the Score Review Summary and any additional information supplied by the test taker to the ETS Board of Review for consideration and decision/recommendation.
information supplied by taker

If the test taker elects not to respond by the expiration of the time period indicated in ETS's letter, the test taker's scores will be canceled without further notice.
scores be canceled 
period indicated 

		Test takers are also offered the options to cancel the scores and take a future test without charge, or to cancel the scores and receive a refund.
takers are offered 

		When there are concerns regarding plagiarism in the Writing section, the scores from the test administration are automatically canceled.
scores are canceled 

	Before questioned scores are submitted to the Board of Review, the OTI provides test takers with an opportunity to submit information addressing ETS's concerns.
scores are submitted 

For example:	Authenticated original documents written prior to the questioned test administration may address questions about handwriting differences.
documents written 

If even a single panel member concludes there is not substantial evidence of invalidity, the review is terminated and the scores are reported.
review is terminated 
review is reported 
scores are reported 

		The Board of Review considers the contents of the Score Review Summary (which, in discrepant-handwriting cases, includes a report from an external document examiner retained by ETS) and any information submitted by the test taker.
examiner retained by ETS
information submitted by taker

If the scores have already been reported, ETS notifies score recipients or other third parties that the test taker's scores have been canceled.
scores been reported 
scores been canceled 

ETS then removes the scores from the test taker's record and refunds any applicable test fees paid by the test taker.
fees paid by taker

If the scores have been previously reported, ETS notifies score recipients or other third parties that the test taker's scores have been canceled.
scores been reported 
scores been canceled 

	A test taker may ask to have a third-party arbitrator, appointed by the American Arbitration Association, determine whether ETS has substantial evidence to support the cancellation of the questioned test scores.
arbitrator appointed by Association

Arbitration is intended only as an independent review of ETS's decision that there is substantial evidence to support cancellation.
Arbitration is intended 

This review is based upon the documents alone.
review is based 

As a result, the arbitrator will review only the information that had been submitted to the ETS Board of Review when it decided to cancel the scores.
that been submitted 

Therefore, test takers may not submit any information in the arbitration that was not submitted to the Board of Review within the time provided.
that was submitted 
time provided 

	Test takers who have questions about any of these options are invited to contact OTI (see "Contact Information" below).
takers are invited 

Any applicable test fee the test taker paid is refunded, or the test taker may take a future test without charge.
fee is refunded 
fee is take 

If scores have not already been reported to any score recipients, ETS takes no further action.
scores been reported 

If the scores have been reported, ETS notifies the score recipients or other third parties that previously received the scores that they have been canceled.
scores been reported 
they been canceled 

OTI staff members are available to discuss the ETS score review process with the test taker or any individual who has been asked by the test taker to help resolve these questions.
who been asked by taker

	Read about how the Writing and Speaking sections are scored.
sections are scored 

The following lists are needed for registration by phone or mail.
lists are needed by phone

If no code is listed, use our TOEFL® Destination Search to contact the institution directly.
code is listed 

	Write questions and answers about the first paragraph, then guess what might be discussed in the next paragraph.
what be discussed 

	Look for words that refer back to some information given in a previous section of the text.
information given 

	Review glossaries/lists of terms used in academic textbooks.
terms used 

		Study roots — a part of a word that other parts are attached to:	-spect- (look at);	-dict- (say).
parts are attached 

	Study prefixes — a part of a word attached to the beginning of the word:	in- (into);	pre- (before).
word attached 

	Study suffixes — a part of a word attached at the end of the word:	-tion (inspection);	-able (predictable).
word attached 

	Notice when difficult terms are defined in the text.
Notice are defined 
terms are defined 

	Learn to recognize different organizational styles so you can understand the way an article or text is structured.
article is structured 

	Pay attention to the connecting words/transitions used for specific relationships:	steps — first, second, next, finally;	reasons — because, since;	results — as a result, so, therefore;	examples — for example, such as;	comparisons — in contrast, on the other hand;	restatements of information — in other words, that is;	conclusions — in conclusion, in summary.
transitions used 

	If the text argues 2 points of view, be sure both points of view are reflected in your summary and that appropriate transitional words are used.
points are reflected 
points are used 
words are used 

	Listen passively to get the general idea of what's being said.
what being said 

	Call and listen to information recorded in English, such as a movie schedule, a weather report or information about an airline flight.
information recorded 

	Watch or listen to TV programs and podcasts recorded in English.
podcasts recorded 

	Visit academic classes conducted in English.
classes conducted 

	Pay attention to the difference between main ideas and details presented.
difference presented 

Be careful not to interpret information based on your personal understanding or knowledge of the topic.
information based 

	Listen for expressions and vocabulary that tell you the type of information being given.
information given 

Think carefully about the type of information that these phrases show:	opinion — I think, It appears that, It is thought that;	theory — in theory;	inference — therefore, then;	negatives — not, words that begin with "un-," "non-," "dis-" or "a-";	fillers — non-essential information — uh, er, um.
It is thought 

	Emotions are often expressed through changes in intonation or stress.
Emotions are expressed 

Thought groups are separated by short pauses.
groups are separated by pauses

	During a lecture, pay attention to words that are written on the board.
that are written 

	Listen to something spoken by a native English speaker.
something spoken by speaker

	Pay attention to idiomatic usage of the language and different accents or speech patterns that are used.
that are used 

	Make a list of the kinds of topics being discussed.
topics discussed 

	Listen for words that indicate the main ideas being discussed:	point;	factor;	issue.
ideas being discussed 

	Study expressions that are used to compare and contrast ideas:	in contrast;	on the other hand;	however;	but;	
that are used 

	Do another writing task in which you explain the ways in which these points are related, the ways they are different, or the ways in which one article supports the other or makes you look at the other in a different way.
points are related 

	Start out writing in your own language — this will help you get used to journal writing and build your confidence in your writing ability.
you get used 

This idea is usually included in the first sentence, which is called the topic sentence.
idea is included 
which is called 

