		Accepted and preferred by universities worldwide, the TOEFL iBT® test is a high-quality, high-standard test that assures admissions officers of your readiness for the classroom and beyond.
is Accepted by universities
is preferred by universities

Learn about the benefits the TOEFL iBT test offers, including MyBest® scores and a free practice test, which provide you with a better testing experience from start to finish to help you do your best.
provide help 

	When you choose the high-standard TOEFL iBT® test to demonstrate your English proficiency, universities notice and know you are ready to succeed.
notice choose 

Accepted worldwide by more than 11,500 universities and institutions in over 160 countries, the TOEFL iBT test is the world's premier English-language test for study, work and immigration.
is Accepted by universities

	If your goal is university study, the TOEFL iBT® test can help get you there.
help is 

	Strengthen your skills while preparing for the test and arrive on campus better prepared for the academic English demands of a university classroom.
prepared preparing 
prepared arrive 

		Be sure to review What to Expect on Test Day to learn about the procedures you must follow and the enhanced safety procedures in place.
Expect learn 

		Be sure you review and meet the At Home Testing Environment and Equipment requirements before you register for the Home Edition.
meet register 

		Learn about what you can expect on test day when taking the TOEFL iBT
expect taking 

Home Edition and for information, policies and procedures specific to Mainland China, visit https://toefl.cn/at-home.
visit specific 

	You can take the TOEFL iBT test on paper in select countries if you prefer that testing format.
take prefer 

	The Speaking section is taken at home on your computer monitored online by a human proctor, within 3 days after the paper sections.
taken monitored by proctor

		Because the Speaking section is administered at home, make sure you meet the necessary Environment and Equipment requirements before you register.
		 administered 
meet register 

	There are plenty of resources to help you prepare for the TOEFL iBT test.
are help 

Access a full line of official free and low-cost test prep materials to help you do your best on test day, no matter where and how you take it.
Access help 

	When you choose the TOEFL iBT® test, you're choosing the only test that measures academic English skills in the way they're actually used in a classroom.
choosing choose 

		Here are some of the enhancements we’ve put in place to offer you the best English-language test and testing experience possible:	More Opportunities to Register.
put offer 

All tests are marked centrally using a combination of AI and human scoring.
marked using 

	Get the Advantage You Need to Succeed.
Need Get 

	See why more than 35 million people have chosen our test to prove their English proficiency.
chosen prove 

Learn about the test format, access sample questions, take practice tests and much more.
take Learn 

	Discover what your test scores mean, when you'll receive them, and how to send them to universities and institutions.
mean receive 
mean send 

	Join our mailing list to receive the latest updates, news and resources related to the TOEFL iBT test.
Join receive 

During the test, you'll perform tasks that combine these 4 English communication skills, such as:	read, listen and then speak in response to a question;	listen and then speak in response to a question;	read, listen and then write in response to a question.
listen read 

	The total test takes about 3 hours to complete, but you should plan for 3½ hours, allowing 30 minutes for check in.
plan allowing 

Don't worry if you're not familiar with the topic of a passage.
worry 're 

There is a glossary feature available to define words not commonly used, if you need it.
is need 

	You can take notes on any audio item throughout the test to help you answer questions.
take help 

	The Listening section includes native-speaker English accents from North America, the U.K., New Zealand or Australia to better reflect the variety of accents you might encounter while studying abroad.
encounter studying 

		Question 1 is called an "independent speaking task" because it requires you to draw entirely on your own ideas, opinions and experiences when you respond.
called requires 
draw respond 

	Questions 2–4 are called "integrated speaking tasks" because they require you to combine your English-language skills — listening and speaking, or listening, reading and speaking — just as you would in or out of a classroom.
called require 

Your responses are recorded and sent to ETS, where they will be scored by a combination of AI scoring and certified human raters to ensure fairness and quality.
certified ensure 

	The Speaking section includes native-speaker English accents from North America, the U.K., New Zealand or Australia to better reflect the variety of accents you might encounter while studying abroad.
encounter studying 

	Item 1 (MP3)	If friends from another country were going to spend time in your country, what city or place would you suggest they visit?
suggest going 

Using details and examples, explain why.
explain Using 

	Integrated writing task (20 minutes) — read a short passage and listen to a short lecture, then write in response to what you read and listened to;	Independent writing task (30 minutes) — write an essay based on personal experience or opinion in response to a writing topic.
write writing 

Responses are sent to ETS, where they are scored by a combination of AI scoring and certified human raters to ensure fairness and quality.
certified ensure 

	The writing tasks are designed to measure your English proficiency, so you don't need deep knowledge of specialized topics to get a high score.
need get 

		When you make the decision to study abroad, you expand your choices to include the world's top higher education institutions.
expand make 

"		Wherever you are in your study-abroad journey — whether you've just started to consider your options or you're thinking about the visa application process — we're here to help with the information, online tools and ongoing support you need.
		 are 
're started 
're thinking 
're help 

	Find information about the process you'll go through to study in some of the most popular destinations.
go study 

Even if you aren't ready to register for the test yet, you can still create your account and sign up today!
create are 

		Create an account or log in to get started.
log started 

	If you are applying for an Australian visa, be sure to register for a TOEFL iBT® test at a test center.
	 applying 

	All international students need a student visa to attend college or university in Australia.
need attend 

To gain an Australian visa, you'll need to demonstrate your English abilities to the Australian Department of Home Affairs.
need gain 

Just be sure to check the score requirements of the universities and programs where you're applying — those requirements may be different than the student visa requirements.
be be 

	If you are applying for a New Zealand visa, be sure to register for a TOEFL iBT test at a test center.
	 applying 

	If you are a citizen of the European Union and arrive before January 1, 2021, you can study in the U.K. without a student visa.
study are 
study arrive 

	If you are an EU, EEA or Swiss citizen and intend to arrive in the U.K. on or after January 1, 2021, you will need to apply for a student visa under the U.K. government's new Student route.
need are 
need intend 

Check the university website, or contact the admissions department directly, to confirm that they accept TOEFL iBT scores for applications to study at degree level or above.
contact confirm 

Be sure to check the university website for TOEFL iBT score requirements as you may find each university has different requirements depending on the course you intend to apply for.
check find 

	If you plan to study within the European Union or wider Schengen area and you are coming from outside Western Europe, you will need a visa in order to do so.
need plan 
need coming 

If you plan to stay for 90 days or more, you'll also need a Long-Stay Visa or residence permit.
need plan 

To apply for these documents, you'll need to submit your application to the country in which you plan to study, along with whatever documentation and evidence they require.
need apply 

		It typically takes about a month to process, though it can take as long as 90 days.
takes take 

If you haven't received a response within 90 days, it's likely that you were denied, and you should reach out to the visa office for more information.
's received 

If you plan to study in Ireland, you have a choice of where you can take your TOEFL iBT test — in a test center or at home with the TOEFL iBT
have plan 

		Before you can apply for your U.S. student visa, you must be accepted by a study program at an accredited American institution, which will require you to prove your English proficiency with a test like the TOEFL iBT test.
accepted apply 

		Once you've applied, you must:	travel to your nearest U.S. Embassy or Consulate for a face-to-face visa interview before it's issued;	provide proof that you can financially support yourself while studying in America;	demonstrate that you have sufficient reason to return home after your studies are over.
must applied 
travel issued 
support studying 
return are 

	Once you've made the decision to study abroad, it's time to figure out where you want to study.
's made 

But with so many places to go, how do you choose?
choose go 

	If you want to stay in that country after completing your studies, how easily will you be able to get a work visa?
be want 

	No matter where you're planning to study, you'll probably need a visa to get there.
need get 

	Student visa applications can be rejected or delayed if all required portions of the form aren't completed, so be sure to read and follow all instructions.
delayed completed 

	Make sure you can demonstrate that you have the financial resources to pay for your tuition and living expenses while studying abroad.
have pay 
pay studying 

	You may need to prove that you have ties to home, such as family or property, and that you'll be returning to your native country after your studies are complete.
returning are 

	When your goal is university study, choose the test that helps you stand out to admissions officers and arrive on campus better prepared for the academic English demands of a university classroom.
	 is 

Are you ready to put that advantage to work for you?
put work 

		Once you've familiarized yourself with your TOEFL iBT testing options, let's take a closer look at how you'll register for the test, and what you need to know before you do.
		 familiarized 
know do 

You'll need to submit your request and have your accommodations approved by ETS Disability Services before you can schedule your test.
have schedule 

	The required waiting period between tests is only 3 days, giving you more opportunities to test and helping you meet urgent deadlines.
is giving 

You can take the test as many times as you wish.
times wish 

	The TOEFL iBT® test is administered up to 6 days a week around the world at authorized test centers or at home, giving you plenty of options.
administered giving 

Timing is important though, as appointments can fill up quickly!
is fill 

Home Edition and for information, policies and procedures specific to Mainland China, visit https://toefl.cn/at-home.
visit specific 

	Be sure the name you use when you register exactly matches the identification you'll bring on test day.
Be register 

	If you choose the TOEFL iBT
	 choose 

		After You Register.
		 Register 

	Once your online registration is complete, you'll receive a confirmation email with the test date, start time and test center address.
receive is 

Plan to log in to your account the day before your test to make sure that none of the registration details have changed (for example, a different time or building than originally scheduled).
log make 
time scheduled 

With the online registration system, you'll take advantage of:		easy access to official test prep and exclusive savings when you bundle essential resources;	a test center search powered by Google Maps™;	the ability to register 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
take bundle 

	Watch these videos to learn how to create an account and register for a TOEFL iBT® test.
Watch learn 

Create Your Account — input all the information exactly as it appears on your ID, create your username and password, and submit.
input Create 
input appears 

Select a Testing Method — choose from the TOEFL iBT test, the TOEFL iBT® Home Edition or the TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition.
choose Select 

Select a Location, Date and Time — select a test date to see available test locations, then choose the time that works for you.
select Select 

	When you're ready to register, remember the following:	You must enter at least 1 form of identification before you can register for a test date.
	 're 
enter register 

The name you use when you register must exactly match the ID you'll use on test day.
use register 

	You can pay for your test using a credit/debit card (American Express®, Discover®, JCB®, China Union Pay®, Diners Club®, Mastercard®, RuPay® or VISA®) or one of the other approved forms of payment.
pay using 

	If you're requesting accommodations due to a disability or health-related need, you can't register through your ETS account.
register requesting 

	Review the Registration Form (PDF) before you call, so you'll know what information you'll need.
Form call 

		If you are testing in the United States, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico or Canada, call +1-443-751-4862 or 1-800-GO-TOEFL (1-800-468-6335).
		 testing 

Select your testing location to find the phone number.
Select find 

		If you are registering by phone, you can pay with:	credit/debit card (American Express®, Discover®, JCB®, China Union Pay®, Diners Club®, Mastercard®, RuPay® or VISA®);	electronic check (e-check) — Only a valid form of payment if you have a bank account in the United States, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico or Canada.
pay registering 
check have 

	If you're requesting accommodations due to a disability or health-related need, you can't register by mail.
register requesting 

If you can't find the code you need in one of these lists, contact your institution directly.
contact find 

		If you are testing outside the United States, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico and Canada, select your testing location to find your RRC and its mailing address.
select testing 
select find 

	If you are testing in the United States, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico or Canada, use the mailing address that corresponds to your payment method listed on the Registration Form.
	 testing 

		If you don't receive a confirmation, call the location where you mailed your paperwork at least 3 business days before your registration deadline.
		 receive 

When you register, you'll select the TOEFL iBT testing option that best suits your needs and preferences: at a test center, at home or on paper.
select register 

		When selecting a test date and format, consider your deadlines.
consider selecting 

	TOEFL iBT® Home Edition testing is available 24 hours a day, 4 days a week, with appointments available as early as 24 hours after you register.
is available 
available register 

		You'll need an ETS account to see available appointments.
need see 

To take the Speaking section of the test from home, you must meet the Equipment and Environment requirements.
meet take 

		You'll need an ETS account to see available test centers and at home appointments.
need see 
need at 

Watch these videos to learn how to create an account and register for a TOEFL iBT test.
Watch learn 

The name you use when you create your account is also the name you'll use when you register for your test.
use create 
use register 

If the name doesn't match, you won't be able to take the test, and your test fee won't be refunded.
be match 

You Use When Registering.
Use Registering 

	The name you use when you register — and the spelling of that name — must appear exactly (other than accents and apostrophes) as it does on the identification (ID) document that you plan to bring on test day.
use register 

If the names don't match, you won't be able to take the test, and your test fee won't be refunded.
be match 

	If you have a multiple-part first/given or last/family name, enter it exactly as it appears on the ID you'll bring to the test center.
given have 
enter appears 

Enter your names so they read in the same order as they do on your ID document.
Enter read 
read on 

For example, if your first/given name is Jean Louis, enter both names in the First/Given Name(s) box.
enter is 

	If you don't have a first/given name or don't have a last/family name, select the appropriate check box next to the name fields.
select have 
select have 

	If the Name in Your Account Doesn't Match Your ID.
	 Match 

	If you make a mistake entering your name or date of birth, or if your name changes after you create your account, you must contact TOEFL Services to update it before your test.
contact make 
make entering 
contact changes 
changes create 
contact update 

	When you register for your TOEFL® test, you're required to enter your identification (ID) information.
required register 

		The name and date of birth you use when you create your account must exactly match the name and date of birth on the ID document you bring to the test center.
match create 

If this information doesn't match, you won't be able to take the test, and your test fee won't be refunded.
be match 

See The Name You Use When Registering.
Use Registering 

		If you are concerned about a discrepancy, contact TOEFL Services before you register.
		 are 
are register 

TOEFL Services can also help if your name changes after you register.
help changes 
changes register 

	Select the country/location where you plan to take the test to see information about specific ID requirements.
take see 

Each ID document must:		be an original document; photocopied documents are not acceptable, and documents cannot be presented on a mobile phone or any other electronic device;	be a physical ID; an electronic ID issued to a mobile phone or any other electronic device is not acceptable;	be a government-issued national/state/province identity card that is issued and recognized by the country where you are a citizen or resident;	be valid; expired documents are not acceptable;	include your full name and date of birth exactly matching the name and date of birth you used to register, excluding accents or diacritical marks;	include a recent, recognizable photograph;	include your signature (the name on the ID and the signature name must match).
recognized are 
include matching 

	If you are age 15 or younger when you take the test, we suggest that you be accompanied by a parent or other authorized adult age 18 or older, who will be required to complete and sign a release form at the test center.
suggest are 
are take 

If you are unable to meet the ID requirements, contact the Office of Testing Integrity at TSReturns@ets.org before you register for the test.
contact are 
contact register 

	Note: If your ID document is not written in English-language letters and the test center administrator cannot read it, you may not be able to take the test, and your test fee will not be refunded.
read written 

	If you have been granted political asylum, have refugee status or are otherwise unable to meet the ID requirements, you must contact the ETS Office of Testing Integrity (OTI) at least 7 days before you register.
	 granted 
contact register 

You must receive approval from OTI before you register.
receive register 

If you don't contact OTI and as a result you can't take the test or your scores are held or cancelled, your test fee will not be refunded.
refunded contact 
refunded take 
refunded held 
refunded cancelled 

Contact TOEFL® Services before test day to handle that.
Services handle 

		Note: If you can't provide acceptable supplemental ID (see below) that includes your signature, you can present 2 government-issued IDs with photographs, as long as they're in the same name you used when you registered.
includes provide 
present includes 
long 're 
used registered 

Additionally, a school official's signature and the school seal must be present and both must overlap your photograph, as shown below.
overlap shown 

	Image of confirmation of identity letter;	Driver's license renewals;	If you are in the U.S. military and the expiration of your driver's license has been extended or deferred by the issuing state, it can be used as supplemental ID along with your U.S. military ID card.
	 are 
	 expiration 

	If your driver's license has expired but you present it along with your Original Department of Public Safety renewal certificate, the 2 documents together can be accepted if the names match exactly.
accepted expired 
accepted present 
accepted match 

If you have a temporary paper license instead of a renewal certificate, that is acceptable only if it is accompanied by an acceptable supplemental ID.
is have 
is accompanied by ID

	You must verify that your computer and testing room meet the following requirements before you register for the TOEFL iBT® Home Edition or Paper Edition.
meet register 

If you don't meet these requirements on test day, you won't be able to test, and you won't receive a refund or a free reschedule.
be meet 

You can close the browser once you see the following message: "Success!
close see 

If you receive an error message, please follow these troubleshooting steps (PDF).
follow receive 

If you fail the equipment check, you must fix any issues before test day.
fix fail 

Live ProctorU representatives are available to help.
are Live 

If you experience this issue, you may need to disable or reconfigure your applications prior to the test.
need experience 

Since bandwidth differs depending on time of day and network usage, run the equipment check at a few different times to see which time works best.
run differs 
run see 

That way, you're checking your bandwidth in an environment similar to what you would experience when you test.
experience test 

	Camera must be able to be moved to show the proctor a 360-degree view of the room, including your tabletop surface, before the test.
moved show 

	Your ears and face must remain visible throughout the test, not covered by hair, a hat or other items.
remain covered by hair

Religious headwear is permitted if your ears remain visible during the test.
permitted remain 

In those circumstances, it is the sole responsibility of the customer to pay those taxes to the local tax authority.
is pay 

		In the jurisdictions listed below, test and test-related fees are exclusive of any sales, use, value-added or similar taxes and will be added to the order when it is placed.
added placed 

	When you select credit/debit card as your payment method, you have the option to pay in select local currencies instead of U.S. dollars.
have select 

You can change your selection at any time before you click "Submit" to process your payment.
change click 

	When paying with an e-check, you authorize ETS to make a one-time deduction from your checking or savings account.
authorize paying 

	To learn more about PayPal or to create an account visit the PayPal website.
	 learn 
	 create 

	Check dates cannot be more than 90 days old when received by ETS.
be received by ETS

		Make sure all payments for tests and services:	are paid in full at the time the service is requested;	have the correct numeric and written dollar amount, if paying by check or money order;	have any necessary signature(s).
have paying 

		Any outstanding balance from prior ETS tests or services must be paid in full before you register.
paid register 

		If you do not submit the correct fee, your registration form or request for service will be returned.
returned submit 

	See the specific refund policies for:	Testing in Korea;	Test center testing in Mainland China (not Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan);	Home Edition testing in Mainland China, using a voucher from the Hong Kong Examinations and Assessment Authority.
testing using 

		To receive a refund, you must cancel your registration by the deadline (4 days before your test date).
cancel receive 

For example, if your test is on Saturday, you must cancel by Tuesday.
cancel is 

		If you cancel your registration before the 4-day deadline, you'll receive a refund of 50% of the original test fee you paid.
receive cancel 

	If you arrive at your testing appointment and find out that the test administration has been canceled by ETS, and you do not wish to reschedule, you can receive a full refund of your test fee.
	 arrive 
	 find 

	If ETS cancels a test administration and you incurred travel costs to get to the test center, you may be eligible for a refund of reasonable and documented travel expenses for yourself only within 30 days of your original test date.
be cancels 
be incurred 
incurred get 

	Refunds are issued in the currency used to pay for the test and include taxes as applicable.
issued used 

	You won't receive a refund if registration procedures weren't followed or if you didn't present the required ID at the test center.
receive followed 
receive present 

	If you paid by credit/debit card or e-check, the refund will be credited back to the original credit/debit card or bank account.
credited paid by card

	If payment was made with a personal check, please allow 8 weeks for processing.
allow made 

	If you paid with a voucher, but haven't registered yet, contact the organization where you purchased the voucher.
	 paid 

If you have a test appointment already, regular refund policies apply.
apply have 

	If you need to reschedule or cancel your registration, you must do so at least 4 full days before your test date.
do need 

For example, if your test is on Saturday, you must reschedule or cancel by Tuesday.
reschedule is 

		The fee to reschedule is US$60 and must be paid before you can register for a new test appointment.
paid register 

If you only need to reschedule your TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition Speaking section appointment, the fee is US$30.
is need 

Be prepared to provide your appointment number and the full name you used when you made the appointment.
used made 

	If you cancel your registration before the 4-day deadline, you'll receive a refund for 50% of the original test fee you paid.
receive cancel 

(The balance is retained to cover expenses for processing your registration and holding a seat.)
retained cover 

	You must submit your request and have your accommodations approved by ETS Disability Services before your test can be scheduled.
have scheduled 

		Submit your request as early as possible, especially if you're requesting an alternate test format.
Submit requesting 

Documentation review takes approximately 6 weeks once your request and completed paperwork are received.
takes received 

If you are required to submit additional documentation, the review can take another 6 weeks from the time the new documents are received.
take required 

		Once you've been approved, you'll receive an email providing instructions on how to register for the test.
receive approved 

		If you have a health-related need that requires you to bring equipment, beverages or snacks into the testing room, or to take extra or extended breaks, you must follow the accommodations request procedures in the Bulletin Supplement for Test Takers with Disabilities or Health-related Needs (PDF).
follow have 

	If you'd like to request accommodations other than those listed above, describe them in Part II of the Testing Accommodations Request Form found in the Bulletin Supplement (PDF).
	 like 

		If you are not sure whether the accommodation you need is available, please contact ETS Disability Services.
contact are 

	When you choose the TOEFL iBT® test to demonstrate your English proficiency, you’ll have access to our full line of official test prep resources to help you do your best and stand out to admissions officers.
have choose 
have help 

Purchase materials through your ETS account or practice with our free resources to prepare for success!
practice prepare 

	Prepare for success wherever you go with this official test prep app.
Prepare go 

		With unlimited access during the 6-month subscription, this self-paced course features in-depth lessons and activities across the 4 skills — Reading, Listening, Speaking, and Writing — as well as pre- and post-tests to help you evaluate your performance.
features help 

You'll also receive score ranges for the Speaking and Writing post-tests, using the same automated scoring technology as in the actual TOEFL iBT test!
receive using 

	This free, highly interactive course uses videos, short quizzes, collaborative discussion boards, tips from expert instructors and more to help you understand what you can do to achieve your best scores on the TOEFL iBT test.
do achieve 

	Completely self-paced so you can learn and practice on your schedule.
paced learn 
paced practice 

	Practice as often as you like!
often like 

	Each volume has a different set of questions, so you can practice a few times to prepare for success on the test.
practice prepare 

		Note: To purchase TOEFL Practice Online in the Republic of Korea, please visit www.toefltpo.com		System Requirements	Be sure to review the system requirements carefully.
visit purchase 

	This top-selling guide has 4 full-length practice tests plus valuable tips, scoring criteria and hundreds of sample questions for all 4 test sections — Reading, Listening, Speaking, and Writing — to help you do your best on test day.
has scoring 
scoring help 

Available in eBook and paperback format, this is an authentic test preparation guide from ETS, the maker of the TOEFL® test.
is Available 

	Save when you purchase both Official TOEFL iBT Tests eBooks, Volumes 1 & 2 together.
Save purchase 

	Save when you purchase all 3 of the best-selling official TOEFL test prep eBooks — The Official Guide to the TOEFL test, and the Official TOEFL iBT Tests, Volumes 1 & 2.
Save purchase 

Get started with this free 8-week planner to help you organize your preparation efforts effectively and build the skills you need to succeed.
started help 

		Before you purchase a Value Pack, be sure to check the system requirements for the products it includes.
		 purchase 

		Must be purchased with your registration to get the discounted price.
purchased get 

Official app, you can:	Try before you buy with free access to sample questions;	Get insider tips from the maker of the test;	Practice only the skills you need with free and in-app purchases of authentic questions from the Reading, Listening, Speaking, and Writing sections ;	Check your progress with scoring from ETS, available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Try buy 

	Select your location below to download the app.
Select download 

	Given in English or in local languages, free TOEFL® Talks face-to-face seminars or online webinars provide you with information about the TOEFL iBT® test, including:		an overview of the TOEFL iBT test;	the TOEFL test advantage;	how to use your TOEFL scores;	how to register for the test;	test preparation tools.
provide Given 

		If you're taking the TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition, you’ll need to review information for both at home testing and test center testing.
need taking 

The Speaking section of the Paper Edition is given as an at home test, while the other 3 sections are administered at a test center.
given administered 

	Review the ID requirements again to make sure the ID you bring on test day is acceptable.
requirements make 

Home Edition or for information, policies and procedures specific to Mainland China, visit https://toefl.cn/at-home.
visit specific 

		Run a final ProctorU® Equipment Check and fix any issues before you attempt to check in for your test.
fix attempt 

This can help prevent bandwidth issues while you test.
prevent test 

	Your table and chair are positioned so that the door to the room will be visible to the proctor.
positioned be 

You'll have up to 12 minutes after your scheduled time to begin your check in.
have begin 

If you haven't checked in by that time, your test will be canceled and your fee won't be refunded.
canceled checked 

	The proctor will ask you to move the camera on your computer to show a 360-degree view of the room, including your tabletop surface, and any other places in the room the proctor may wish to inspect.
move show 

	The proctor will launch the ETS Test Browser and enter the ETS ID and password to access the test.
enter access 

	Be sure to follow all testing rules when taking the TOEFL iBT® Home Edition or the Speaking section of the Paper Edition.
follow taking 

If you don't, your test can be canceled and your fee won't be refunded.
canceled do 

Ignore these; headsets are not allowed when testing at home.
allowed Ignore 
allowed testing 

	There is a 10-minute break after the Listening section when you may leave your seat.
is leave 

	During the test, the proctor will monitor you (via video camera) and your computer screen to ensure you follow all testing procedures.
monitor ensure 

	If you need to contact the proctor during your test, speak to get their attention and/or use the LogMeIn chat.
speak need 
speak get 
speak use 

It may take 30–60 seconds for the proctor to reply.
take reply 

	If the proctor is attempting to chat with you, the blue owl will bounce up and down.
bounce attempting 

	If you experience a technical problem during the test, notify the proctor by speaking out loud and waving to the camera.
notify experience 

	If you lose your internet connection momentarily, you'll automatically be reconnected to the proctor when your connection is restored.
reconnected lose 
reconnected restored 

If your exam can be reopened, your proctor will do so for you.
do reopened 

If you aren't able to reconnect and speak to the proctor, call ProctorU® at +1-855-772-8678 for assistance.
call are 

	If you have a complaint about the testing facilities, the test center staff or ProctorU, email TOEFL@ets.org no later than 5 days after your test date.
	 have 

Be sure to include the following:	name you used when you registered;	registration number;	date of the test;	name of the test center (if applicable);	city and country where you took the test.
used registered 

		What if I fail the ProctorU® Equipment Check?
What fail 

If you can't resolve the issues yourself, contact ProctorU using the contact form at the bottom of the equipment check page.
contact resolve 
contact using 

		Is there anything I can do ahead of time to prevent issues?
do prevent 

	Run the ProctorU Equipment Check at the time of day you plan to test to make sure you don't have any bandwidth issues.
plan Run 
test make 

	Run a final equipment check shortly before your test session starts.
Run starts 

This can help prevent bandwidth issues while you test.
prevent test 

It must remain disabled throughout the test and should be set so that the software will not open automatically during the test.
set open 

		What if I have an issue right before my test starts?
What have 
have starts 

	If you have technical issues immediately before your test, contact ProctorU:		Live Chat:	Live Chat	Phone:	+1-855-772-8678.
contact have 

		What if I have a technical issue and my start time is extended?
What have 
What extended 

The timer for your test doesn't begin until the proctor enters the password.
begin enters 

		What if I have a technical issue during my test?
What have 

	If you have a technical issue during your test, speak and wave to get the proctor's attention.
	 have 
	 speak 
	 wave 

If you still have internet access but have been disconnected from the test, notify the proctor via the LogMeIn chat function.
notify have 
notify disconnected 

		What if I lose internet during the test?
What lose 

	If you lose your internet connection momentarily, you'll automatically be reconnected to the proctor when your connection is restored.
reconnected lose 
reconnected restored 

If your exam can be reopened, your proctor will do so for you.
do reopened 

		If you aren't able to reconnect and speak to the proctor via the LogMeIn chat function, call ProctorU at +1-855-772-8678 for assistance.
chat are 

	Watch our TOEFL iBT® Test Day video to learn more about:		checking in;	presenting your identification;	test security procedures;	using your headset and microphone;	taking the test;	viewing your Reading and Listening scores;	the option to cancel your scores.
Watch learn 

	24 hours before your appointment, sign in to your ETS account to confirm there are no changes to your registration details (e.g., a different time or building than originally scheduled).
sign confirm 
time scheduled 

	To help protect the health and safety of test takers and staff, enhanced procedures have been implemented at test centers, including:	social distancing measures;	masks may be required during the entire test;	allowance of gloves to be worn;	enhanced cleaning of testing stations.
	 help 

		Additionally, all of our test centers have regular schedules for frequent cleaning of high-touch surfaces and provide disposable wipes so that you can wipe down your testing area.
provide wipe 

		You can't bring any food or drink into the testing room unless you have an approved health accommodation.
drink have 

(You must request accommodations before you register for the test.)
request register 

		If you don't bring valid and acceptable identification, or if the name on your ID doesn't exactly match the name in your account, you won't be able to take the test, and your test fee won't be refunded.
be bring 
be match 

If you don't have one, you won't be admitted to the test center.
admitted have 

		Depending on the test center and/or local policy, you may be required to wear it some or all of the time you're in the test center.
required Depending 

You can wear a mask even if it's not required.
wear required 

	You must remove the mask temporarily to have your photo taken and to enable the test center to verify your ID during check-in and upon returning from breaks.
remove have 
remove enable 
enable verify 

	You may also bring rubber gloves to wear during the test, but they aren't required.
bring wear 

	If it's not an approved item, don't try to bring it into the testing room!
	 's 

	Make sure to arrive at least 30 minutes before your test time, to allow time for check in.
Make allow 

		ETS respects individuals' privacy and has implemented procedures to ensure that the check-in process is completed in a respectful manner.
implemented ensure 

You should be prepared to undergo these security measures to ensure a fair testing environment.
undergo ensure 

The name on your ID must exactly match the name you used when you registered for the test.
match registered 

	Ask you to remove your head covering, if you wear one for religious or cultural reasons, for visual inspection during check in.
Ask wear 

	The test administrator will assign you a seat shortly before the test begins.
assign begins 

	If you need help, raise your hand.
raise need 

	You must present your ID to the test center administrator for verification when you leave and when you return from a break.
present leave 
present return 

	If you leave the testing room to go to the storage area or the restroom, the test clock won't stop.
stop leave 
leave go 

You can ask for more paper if you need it, but you have to return the paper you have before you can get more.
ask need 
return get 

In some countries, the common keyboard used is configured to QWERTY and a template is provided to each test taker to help with locating the few keys that are in a different location.
provided help 

	You will not have access to personal items such as books, electronic devices, handbags or backpacks, which are stored separately to maintain security.
stored maintain 

	If you think there is a problem with a test item and want to question it for any reason, notify the test center administrator before leaving.
notify think 

When making your decision, keep in mind:		You have to cancel all section scores if you wish to cancel.
keep making 
have keep 
have wish 

	If you cancel your scores, you won't receive a refund.
receive cancel 

		Note: If you take the TOEFL iBT
Note take 

Paper Edition, you’ll have the option to cancel your scores on your answer sheet after you complete the Reading, Writing, and Listening sections.
cancel complete 

If you choose to cancel on either, your entire test scores will be canceled.
canceled choose 

	If you have a complaint about the testing facilities, the test center staff or ProctorU®, email TOEFL@ets.org no later than 5 days after your test date.
	 have 

Be sure to include the name you used when you registered, your registration number, the date of the test, the name of the test center (if applicable), and the city and country where you took the test.
used registered 
include applicable 

	Because so many individuals and institutions rely on TOEFL® test scores, test security is very important to ETS.
is rely 

If you refuse or fail to follow any instructions of test center staff or the proctor, your test session will be terminated, and your test fee won't be refunded.
terminated refuse 
terminated fail 

ETS may use statistical evaluation or other professional evaluation methods as evidence that a test taker did not complete the test or part of the test independently or that pre-knowledge of test questions or answers occurred.
use occurred 

If ETS believes that a test taker may have gained an unfair advantage by sharing or obtaining test questions, topics or answers before, during or after the test, or that a test was completed in whole or in part by someone or with the assistance of someone other than the registered test taker, ETS may exercise its right to cancel the test taker's appointment in advance, hold or cancel the test taker's scores and/or ban the test taker from future testing.
exercise believes 

		If your scores are placed on hold, you will not be able to send score reports to any institution or agency until the investigation is complete and the scores are released.
be placed 
be is 

		If any of ETS's investigative methods result in a test taker's scores being canceled, or if unethical behavior is identified on or after test day, ETS may also share its concerns with score recipients selected by the test taker, so that the information can be considered in the institution's or agency's decision-making process.
share result 
share identified 
share considered 

	Referring to, looking through or working on any test or test section when not authorized to do so, or working after time has been called.
working authorized 
working working 

ETS reserves the right to cancel scores when evidence of pre-knowledge is found.
cancel found 

	Having food or beverages in the testing area, unless you have been approved for an accommodation based on a disability or health-related need.
Having approved 

If your scores are canceled, they will not be reported and your test fee will not be refunded.
reported canceled 

	On occasion, weather conditions, technical issues or other circumstances beyond our control may result in a delayed start or rescheduled test, or scores may be canceled after you take the test.
canceled take 

		If your test is rescheduled by ETS before you test, you can select a different test date and you will not be charged the rescheduling fee.
select rescheduled by ETS
rescheduled test 

		If you travel to the test center and find out that the test administration has been canceled by ETS, you can reschedule your test at no charge or receive a full refund of your test fee.
reschedule travel 
reschedule find 

		If ETS cancels a test administration and you incurred travel costs to get to the test center, you may be eligible for reimbursement of reasonable and documented travel expenses for yourself only within 30 days of your original test date.
be cancels 
be incurred 
incurred get 

		When you contact TOEFL® Services, have appropriate receipts available and be prepared to provide the following information:	name;	date of birth;	mailing address;	daytime phone number;	email address;	original test date;	TOEFL appointment number;	a description of the problem.
have contact 

		If you have any questions about the rescheduling and refund policies, please contact TOEFL Services.
contact have 

When your goal is university study, choose the test with scores that are widely accepted and preferred around the world.
choose is 

	See when you can expect your scores in your ETS account after you take the test.
expect take 

	Designate score recipients before you test.
recipients test 

Send out additional score reports after you test.
Send test 

	When you take the TOEFL iBT test, the only thing that matters is what you know, not where you test, what you look like or who scores your test.
is take 
is test 

All scoring is handled by a centralized scoring network to ensure consistency, fairness and quality, and to offer a complete and accurate picture of your ability.
handled ensure 
handled offer 

	When your scores will be available in your ETS account depends on how you took your TOEFL iBT® test.
depends be 

	You'll receive an email when your scores are available, and you can access your account online.
receive are 

PDF score reports are ready for download 2 days after you receive your scores electronically through your ETS account, or you can view this list of dates (PDF) for an estimated availability date, for tests taken at a test center.
are receive 

		If you have questions about your score report, contact TOEFL Services.
		 have 

	If you requested a paper copy of your score report before you took the test, it will be mailed 11–15 days after your test date, or sooner depending on how you took the test.
mailed requested 
requested took 
mailed depending 

		When Do Score Recipients Receive Your Scores?
		 Receive 

	When your designated score recipients will receive your scores depends on how you took the test and what method of score delivery they use.
	 receive 

	If you would like to reinstate canceled scores, your request must be received no later than 60 days after your test date.
received like 

		It takes approximately 3 weeks from receipt of your request and payment to reinstate your scores.
takes reinstate 

Once reinstated, your scores will be available in your account and sent to your designated institutions.
be reinstated 

	You can request a score review of your Writing and/or Speaking section up to 30 days after you take the test.
request take 

	If you want both sections reviewed, they must be done at the same time.
done want 

	If the review results in a change in your scores (lower or higher), the revised scores will become your official scores.
	 results 

	Your scores can't be reviewed if you have already requested that they be sent to an institution or agency.
reviewed requested 

		Scores are reported 1–3 weeks after we receive your request and payment.
reported receive 

	Your test fee includes up to 4 free official TOEFL® score reports to be sent to the TOEFL Destinations that you select before you take the test.
select take 

		Please keep in mind that if you designate any institution or agency to receive your scores, you won't be able to request a score review of your Writing and/or Speaking sections.
be designate 
designate receive 

	Score reports are mailed 3–5 business days after your request is received.
mailed received 

	If you send the same fax more than once, write "DUPLICATE" in large letters on the form to avoid extra charges to your credit/debit card.
write send 
write avoid 

	Score reports are mailed 10 business days after your request is received.
mailed received 

		Score reports are mailed 10 business days after your request is received.
mailed received 

	Each skill has 4 or 5 proficiency levels, so where your score falls within that range tells you your proficiency for that skill.
so falls 
has tells 

This can help you to achieve your goals sooner, since it means you may be able to meet score requirements for your institution with fewer tests.
help means 

We recommend that you check with institutions directly to confirm their TOEFL score requirements.
check confirm 

		If you take the TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition, the MyBest scores section will only include your scores from all TOEFL iBT
include take 

The Speaking and Writing sections are scored by a combination of automated AI scoring and multiple, highly trained human raters to:	offer a complete and accurate picture of your ability;	minimize the rater bias that can occur with face-to-face interviews;	ensure consistency and the highest quality.
scored offer 

Be sure to check with them directly if there is a question about their policy.
check is 

Because the Home Edition is still a TOEFL iBT test, scores can be accepted and used in the same way as the test center version, and we have received overwhelmingly positive feedback about the acceptance and use of Home Edition scores from thousands of universities worldwide.
accepted is 

iBT Home Edition on their website even when they accept it, since they already list the TOEFL iBT test.
Edition accept 
Edition list 

Be sure to check with them directly if there is a question about their policy.
check is 

	By providing personal information to us and/or registering for a TOEFL® test, you expressly consent (or confirm your consent) to allow ETS to use such personal information in accordance with the ETS Privacy and Security Policy and the Test Taker Privacy and Information Security Policy.
confirm allow 

		Why Happens if ETS Questions My Scores?
Happens Questions 

	Official score reports will be sent only to those institutions or agencies chosen by the test taker when he or she registered to test, on a Score Report Request Form submitted at a later date, or otherwise authorized by the test taker.
chosen registered 

Do not provide your appointment number to anyone unless you want them to have access to your score data.
provide want 

	Entities must contract with ETS for access, but once they do that, they can use the information you provided to access your scores.
use do 

Unless your photograph or other biometric samples taken on the day of the test or during the check-in or registration process are being used in connection with a test security investigation, ETS shall retain them for a maximum of 3 years unless local regulations limit retention.
retain used 
retain limit 

		We will keep your information as needed to meet the following requirements:	To protect against fraud, theft and misrepresentation by unauthorized test takers;	For the purpose of identity verification;	To maintain integrity of the testing process.
keep needed 
needed meet 

	Although ETS employs extensive quality control checks throughout the development of test questions and the preparation of final tests, typographical errors or flaws in questions can occasionally occur.
	 employs 

If you suspect a problem and want to question a test item for any reason, notify the administrator before you leave the test center.
notify suspect 
notify want 
notify leave 

		Please include:	the test name;	the test section;	the test date;	the name of the center where the test was taken;	the number of the test item being questioned, if possible.
questioned possible 

ETS reserves the right to cancel a test taker's test appointment in advance, hold or cancel the test taker's scores, and/or ban the test taker from future testing if it appears that the entire test wasn't taken solely by person who was registered, or that there was pre-knowledge of test questions or answers.
ban appears 

		If your scores are placed on hold, you will not be able to send score reports to any institution or agency until the investigation is complete and the scores are released.
be placed 
be is 

		If any of ETS's investigative methods result in a test taker's scores being cancelled, or if unethical behavior is identified on test day, ETS may also share its concerns with score recipients selected by the test taker so that the information can be considered in the institution or agency's decision-making process.
share result 
share identified 
share considered 

In certain circumstances, determined by ETS, all scores for test takers at a particular test center may be canceled even if there is no evidence of individual wrongdoing.
canceled is 

	If your test administration is canceled before you test, or your test cannot be scored or your scores are canceled due to a testing irregularity, you can select a different test date and you will not be charged the rescheduling fee.
select canceled 
select scored 
select canceled 
canceled test 

		If you arrive at your testing appointment and find out that the test administration has been canceled by ETS, you can reschedule your test at no charge or receive a full refund of your test fee.
reschedule arrive 
reschedule find 

		If ETS cancels a test administration and you incurred travel costs to get to the test center, you may be eligible for reimbursement of reasonable and documented travel expenses for yourself only within 30 days of your original test date.
be cancels 
be incurred 
incurred get 

When you contact TOEFL® Services, have appropriate receipts available and be prepared to provide the following information:		Name;	Date of birth;	Mailing address;	Daytime phone number;	Email address;	Original test date;	TOEFL registration number;	A description of the problem.
have contact 

	When there is information that ETS considers sufficient to indicate that a test taker has engaged in any activity that affects score validity, ETS may cancel the test taker's scores and may ban the test taker from future ETS tests.
cancel is 

In addition, when there is information that ETS considers sufficient that the administrator of the test did not comply with regulations, some or all scores from that administration may be held or canceled.
held is 

		ETS reserves the right to take any action — including, but not limited to, dismissing you from the test center, terminating your test, cancelling your scores and banning you from future testing — for failure to comply with test administration regulations, the test center administrator's or test proctor's instructions.
limited dismissing 
limited terminating 
limited cancelling 
limited banning 

If you are dismissed from the test center, your test is terminated or your scores are canceled, your scores will not be reported, and your test fee will not be refunded.
terminated dismissed 

		ETS reserves the right to take appropriate action and/or notify the appropriate authorities, including but not limited to law enforcement authorities, if any test taker responds in a threatening or disturbing way to essay questions, or communicates with ETS either verbally or in writing in a threatening or disturbing manner.
		 responds 

	ETS shall have no liability to any test taker for damages or claims of any kind whatsoever that the test taker may assert against ETS for not reporting scores, holding or cancelling scores, banning the test taker from future testing or disclosure of test taker information pursuant to ETS's rights.
assert banning 

	Please contact ETS as soon as possible to report any conduct you observe at or in connection with a test administration that may be in conflict with the above policies, whether or not the conduct leads to an invalid score.
contact report 
contact leads 

	The procedures and options described below apply to score validity cases only and do not apply to testing irregularities, discrepancies in test taker identification or test taker misconduct.
apply score 
apply apply 

This page explains why and how ETS questions the validity of test scores when concerns arise.
questions arise 

When ETS is concerned that test scores may be invalid, ETS invites the test taker to submit information that addresses these concerns.
invites is 

When they occur, they may affect an individual or groups of test takers.
affect occur 

This is why ETS questions test scores when it is believed they may be invalid.
is believed 

As part of that agreement, they acknowledge that ETS has the right to review scores of questionable validity and to cancel scores when there is substantial evidence that they are invalid.
cancel is 

Communications in cases of questioned scores, including the information provided below, are designed to help test takers understand ETS procedures for reviewing scores so that questions about score validity can be resolved as quickly and equitably as possible.
understand resolved 

		ETS may be required by a score recipient or other third party to release the names of test takers whose scores have been questioned, whether or not these scores are canceled and the reason for the score cancellation.
required release 
required canceled 
required reason 

The information that may be released includes, but is not limited to, identifying information, details of any test security investigation and details regarding the test center where the test was taken.
is identifying 

Unless ETS finds substantial evidence that test scores are invalid, the scores are reported.
reported finds 

If ETS has concerns about the validity of test scores, the test taker is offered an opportunity to respond and select an option for resolving the matter.
offered has 

If the matter cannot be resolved, ETS will cancel the questioned scores.
cancel resolved 

In that event, the options available in connection with Score Invalidity reviews will not be available even if those options were previously offered.
be offered 

		Although ETS considers information received from these sources, ETS does not cancel scores unless it is determined that there is substantial evidence that the scores are invalid.
cancel considers 
cancel is 

		Some Types of Information that ETS Considers When Reviewing Scores.
Considers Scores 

	Information, including but not limited to, indicating that:	a test taker may not have worked independently;	test scores are inconsistent with previous test scores or other measures of the test taker's abilities;	test content or answers may have been available to the test taker before or during the test administration;	an external source has provided such information to ETS.
limited indicating 

		Comparisons of, including but not limited to:	a test taker's answers with those of other test takers;	a test taker's scores with previous scores, or scores on different sections of the test;	the handwriting from documents completed on test day with handwriting on other documents;	identification documents presented by the test taker on test day with other records;	the information on test day documents with other records;	answers changed to match those of another test taker;	biometric data.
changed match 

	When questions are raised before test scores have been reported, ETS does not report the scores to score recipients unless and until concerns about their validity have been resolved.
report raised 
raised reported 
report score 
score resolved 

On the other hand, if previously reported scores are in question, ETS does not notify score recipients unless and until it has decided to cancel the scores after the review and resolution process has been completed, or after the test taker has failed to comply with deadlines for submitting information or exercising an option.
are reported 
notify decided 
notify failed 
cancel completed 

To ensure fairness, the review process involves 2 stages, with different sets of personnel responsible for each.
involves ensure 

		If OTI determines that there is not substantial evidence of invalidity, it terminates the review and sends any scores not already reported to the test taker and designated score recipients.
terminates determines 

		If OTI staff finds substantial evidence that scores may be invalid, they notify the test taker and offer a single opportunity to submit additional information that addresses ETS's concerns.
notify finds 

If the test taker elects not to respond by the expiration of the time period indicated in ETS's letter, the test taker's scores will be canceled without further notice.
canceled respond 

		When there are concerns regarding plagiarism in the Writing section, the scores from the test administration are automatically canceled.
canceled are 

If even a single panel member concludes there is not substantial evidence of invalidity, the review is terminated and the scores are reported.
terminated concludes 

If the Board of Review finds that there is substantial evidence of invalidity, OTI notifies the test taker.
notifies finds 

ETS offers options before cancelling the test taker's scores at this stage, as explained below under "Options Leading to Resolution."
offers explained 

As discussed above, cancellation of scores is still an option.
is discussed 

If the scores have already been reported, ETS notifies score recipients or other third parties that the test taker's scores have been canceled.
score reported 

If the scores have been previously reported, ETS notifies score recipients or other third parties that the test taker's scores have been canceled.
score reported 

As a result, the arbitrator will review only the information that had been submitted to the ETS Board of Review when it decided to cancel the scores.
submitted decided 

	When ETS cancels test scores, the scores are no longer reportable.
are cancels 

If scores have not already been reported to any score recipients, ETS takes no further action.
takes reported 

If the scores have been reported, ETS notifies the score recipients or other third parties that previously received the scores that they have been canceled.
notifies reported 

Test takers must give ETS written permission to talk to anyone.
give written 

	Please contact the Office of Testing Integrity (OTI) if you have any questions regarding questioned test scores:		Email:	tsreturns@ets.org	Phone:	1-800-750-6991 (Toll free in the United States, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico and Canada)	+1-609-406-5430 (all other locations)	Mail:	Office of Testing Integrity	ETS	Princeton, NJ 08541.
contact have 

	We offer a variety of resources to help you along the way during your study-abroad journey.
offer help 

Make sure you join our mailing list to receive the latest updates and information, and check out our TOEFL Blog to learn how the TOEFL test can help you pursue your academic dreams.
join receive 
check learn 

	Browse our test prep section to find the resources you need to do your best on test day.
Browse find 

	Get complete instructions for registration, forms, identification (ID) requirements, score reporting information, policies and procedures.
Get reporting 

	If you are requesting testing accommodations due to a disability or health-related need, you can't register using the online registration system or by phone.
register requesting 

If no code is listed, use our TOEFL® Destination Search to contact the institution directly.
use listed 

	Learn how to improve your English-language skills to help prepare you for the TOEFL iBT® test and university study.
improve help 

	Learn how to improve your English reading skills with these tips to help you prepare for the TOEFL iBT® test and university study.
improve help 

		Read in English as much and as often as you can.
often can 

	It is important to increase your vocabulary on many subjects, because you will have to read about various topics at university.
is have 

	Write the sentence you saw the word in to help you learn correct usage.
saw help 

	opposites — relevant-irrelevant, abstract-concrete	synonyms — excellent, outstanding, superb	Review the new words on a regular basis so that you remember them.
opposites remember 

	Look at the other words and structures around an unknown word to try to understand it.
Look try 

	Review the new words on a regular basis so that you remember them.
words remember 

	Write a summary of a text, making sure that it incorporates the organizational pattern of the original.
Write making 

	Pay attention to the connecting words/transitions used for specific relationships:	steps — first, second, next, finally;	reasons — because, since;	results — as a result, so, therefore;	examples — for example, such as;	comparisons — in contrast, on the other hand;	restatements of information — in other words, that is;	conclusions — in conclusion, in summary.
reasons is 

	If the text argues 2 points of view, be sure both points of view are reflected in your summary and that appropriate transitional words are used.
be argues 

	Learn how to improve your English listening skills with these tips to help you prepare for the TOEFL iBT® test and university study.
improve help 

	Listen passively to get the general idea of what's being said.
Listen get 

	Write a 1-sentence summary to remember the main idea of what you heard.
Write remember 

	Use dictation and other exercises to help your listening ability.
dictation help 

	Do information gap exercises, using unfamiliar content and complex structures.
Do using 

	Use the resources in your community to practice listening to English.
Use practice 

	Some helpful TV channels to listen to are CNN®, Discovery Channel® and National Geographic®, as well as soap operas or situation comedies.
	 listen 

	Listen to short sections several times, until you understand the main points and the flow of ideas.
Listen understand 

	Try to answer the question, "What is the professor trying to accomplish in this lecture?
Try answer 
Try trying 

Think carefully about the connection between ideas that these words show:	reasons — because, since;	results — as a result, so, therefore, thus, consequently;	examples — for example, such as;	comparisons — in contrast, than;	an opposing idea — on the other hand, however;	another idea — furthermore, moreover, besides;	a similar idea — similarly, likewise;	restatements of information — in other words, that is;	conclusions — in conclusion, in summary.
Think results 
Think examples 
Think comparisons 

	When you hear 2 details, identify the relationship between them.
identify hear 

	Write a sentence connecting the examples, using the appropriate connecting word.
Write using 

	Listen to how native English speakers divide long sentences into "thought groups" to make them easier to understand — a thought group is a spoken phrase or short sentence.
divide make 

	Learn how to improve your English speaking skills with these tips to help you prepare for the TOEFL iBT® test and university study.
improve help 

	If you can't find a native English speaker, find a friend who wants to practice speaking English, and promise to speak only English to each other for a certain period of time.
find find 

	Ask a friend to give you topics, and record yourself discussing them.
record discussing 

	Give yourself about 20 seconds to think about what you did yesterday.
Give think 

	Try to use connecting words and phrases such as first, then, while I was.
Try was 

	Give yourself about 20 seconds to think about what you will probably do tomorrow.
Give think 

	Speak with confidence and open your mouth more widely than you normally do.
widely do 

	It is difficult to understand you if you speak word by word.
is speak 

Then, read it aloud, paying close attention to these groups of words and ideas.
read paying 

Repeat the character's words, following the intonation patterns, as he or she speaks.
Repeat following 
Repeat speaks 

	Learn how to improve your English writing skills with these tips and practices to help you prepare for the TOEFL iBT® test and university study.
improve help 

	Practice typing on a QWERTY (standard English) keyboard, if you don't already use one.
typing use 

	Practice writing grammatically correct sentences and use appropriate words to summarize information from text and lecture material.
use summarize 

	Write a summary of it in English as quickly as you feel comfortable writing.
quickly feel 

	Ask your teacher to review your summary to see if your sentences are grammatically correct, and if your sentences and vocabulary have accurately expressed the ideas from the original source.
review see 
Ask expressed 

	If you are writing many short, simple sentences, try to combine related ideas into more lengthy, complex sentences.
try writing 

	When you begin to feel comfortable keeping a journal, write it in English.
	 begin 

	Practice writing correct sentences in English — begin by writing simple sentences.
begin writing 

	Re-read what you wrote — look for and correct mistakes.
look read 

	Read in English as much as you can — this will help you recognize good writing styles.
much can 

	Practice generating ideas to support a position.
generating support 

	Notice how the writer addresses possible objections to the opinion, if they are present.
addresses are 

	Write a response in English to the article or essay, taking the opposite viewpoint.
Write taking 

	Have a friend or teacher outline your essay so you can see if others can recognize how you present and explain your ideas.
Have see 

If so, consider revising how you present and explain your ideas.
consider so 

