Where Would You Like to Study?

When you make the decision to study abroad, you expand your choices to include the world's top higher education institutions. You give yourself the opportunity to take courses you may not find anywhere else, and to experience new languages, cultures and lifestyles.

Did you know?
A 50-year study of 3,400 students showed that "studying abroad is usually a defining moment in a young person's life and continues to impact the participant's life for years after the experience."

Wherever you are in your study-abroad journey — whether you've just started to consider your options or you're thinking about the visa application process — we're here to help with the information, online tools and ongoing support you need.

Get to the Most Popular Countries.
Find information about the process you'll go through to study in some of the most popular destinations.
Australia and New Zealand.
Canada.
U.K. and Europe.
United States.


Expand Your Options with the TOEFL® Search Service.
This free service uses criteria from your ETS account to match you with universities and institutions around the world. You can receive information about programs, admission requirements, financial aid opportunities and more. Even if you aren't ready to register for the test yet, you can still create your account and sign up today!

Create an account or log in to get started.

Other Resources.
Destination Search.
Want to know who accepts TOEFL scores? Use our Destination Search to find where your TOEFL scores can take you. Search by institution name or location.

Student Fairs.
Meet with representatives of top colleges and universities and learn more about how the TOEFL test can help you meet your academic goals.



Country Information.
Below are some of the most popular study-abroad destinations. Select the country where you want to study for information about the visa application process and how the TOEFL iBT® test can help you get there.

Go to Australia or New Zealand.
Get there with the TOEFL iBT® Test.
Accepted by 100% of Australian universities and for all Australian immigration.
Accepted by 100% of New Zealand universities and the New Zealand Qualifications Authority (NZQA), and for New Zealand permanent residence.

Australia.
If you are applying for an Australian visa, be sure to register for a TOEFL iBT® test at a test center. The Australian government does not currently accept any English-language tests that are taken at home, including the TOEFL iBT Home Edition. For applications to Australian universities and other institutions, please check with the institution directly about their requirements.

Student Visas.
All international students need a student visa to attend college or university in Australia. To gain an Australian visa, you'll need to demonstrate your English abilities to the Australian Department of Home Affairs. You can use your TOEFL iBT scores to do this! Just be sure to check the score requirements of the universities and programs where you're applying — those requirements may be different than the student visa requirements.

For more information about getting your Australian visa, visit the Australian Department of Home Affairs website.

Other Visas.
You can also use your TOEFL iBT scores to apply for a variety of temporary and permanent visas, including skilled migration, post-study work, business, and work and holiday. For more information about skilled migration, including TOEFL iBT score requirements for professional bodies, read Australian Skilled Migration FAQs (PDF) visit the Australian Department of Home Affairs website.

New Zealand.
If you are applying for a New Zealand visa, be sure to register for a TOEFL iBT test at a test center. The New Zealand government does not currently accept English-language tests that are taken at home, including the TOEFL iBT Home Edition. For applications to New Zealand universities and other institutions, please check with the institution directly about their requirements.

Student Visas.
You can use your TOEFL iBT scores to prove English-language proficiency for university and college admission in New Zealand. Check with the institutions directly for their score requirements.

Other Visas.
TOEFL iBT scores are also accepted for permanent skilled migration visas. For the Skilled Migrant Category Resident Visa, you need a total score of 79 or more from a test taken within 2 years prior to your application date. Visit the Immigration New Zealand website for more information.

TOEFL iBT scores are also recognized by the New Zealand Qualifications Authority (NZQA) for Institutes of Technology and Polytechnics (ITPs) and Private Training Establishments (PTEs).


Go to Canada.
Get there with the TOEFL iBT® Test.

Accepted by 100% of Canadian universities.
More than 80% of graduate programs in Canada prefer the TOEFL iBT® test over other tests.
More TOEFL iBT scores are sent to Canadian universities than all other English tests combined.
All international students intending to study in Canada are required to have a student visa. In order to apply for one, you need to take an English-proficiency test and be accepted by a Canadian college or university — you will need to provide the letter of acceptance with your application.

You can find out more information and apply for your Canadian Student Visa at the Citizenship and Immigration Canada website.

Go to the U.K. or Europe.
 
Get there with the TOEFL iBT® Test.
Accepted by 100% of U.K. universities, including the prestigious Russell Group® universities.
Accepted by the top European universities and most preferred in France and Germany.
Accepted by 100% of universities in Ireland, which also accept the TOEFL iBT® Home Edition without conditions.

U.K..
The TOEFL iBT test is accepted for admissions by 100% of all U.K. universities, including the prestigious Russell Group universities.
If you are a citizen of the European Union and arrive before January 1, 2021, you can study in the U.K. without a student visa.
If you are an EU, EEA or Swiss citizen and intend to arrive in the U.K. on or after January 1, 2021, you will need to apply for a student visa under the U.K. government's new Student route.

You can find more information about living and studying in the U.K. on the U.K. Council for International Student Affairs (UKCISA) website.

Using the TOEFL iBT Test for Student Route Visas.
The U.K. Home Office now uses a points-based system for issuing a Student route visa. International students must meet the requirement of 70 points, and the English-language requirement counts for 10 of the 70 points.

The TOEFL iBT test is accepted for the English-language requirement of Student route visas under certain conditions. Universities are permitted by the Home Office to choose how to assess applicants' English-language abilities. Under this provision, a university may issue a Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) for students with scores from an English test that is not formally recognized by the U.K. Home Office as a Secure English Language Test (SELT), including the TOEFL iBT test.

In order to use your TOEFL iBT scores in this way, the following conditions need to be met:
Your chosen U.K. university accepts the TOEFL iBT test for admissions purposes. Check the university website, or contact the admissions department directly, to confirm that they accept TOEFL iBT scores for applications to study at degree level or above.
You meet the TOEFL iBT score requirements for university entry and your course of study. Be sure to check the university website for TOEFL iBT score requirements as you may find each university has different requirements depending on the course you intend to apply for.
You meet the TOEFL iBT score requirements set by the Home Office for immigration. These scores are:
For University Degree Level Courses – B2 level;
Total: 72;
Reading: 18;
Listening: 17;
Writing: 17;
Speaking: 20.

Europe.
If you plan to study within the European Union or wider Schengen area and you are coming from outside Western Europe, you will need a visa in order to do so. If you plan to stay for 90 days or more, you'll also need a Long-Stay Visa or residence permit.

You must be accepted by a reputable institution in the EU country prior to applying. To apply for these documents, you'll need to submit your application to the country in which you plan to study, along with whatever documentation and evidence they require. This may include:

a valid passport;
letter of acceptance;
medical insurance;
proof of language proficiency;
proof that you are able to pay tuition fees and support yourself.

It typically takes about a month to process, though it can take as long as 90 days. If you haven't received a response within 90 days, it's likely that you were denied, and you should reach out to the visa office for more information.

For more information on studying in Europe, see:
Are You Ready to Study in Europe?;
Studying in the European Union and the European Economic Area;
The Schengen Visa.

Ireland
If you plan to study in Ireland, you have a choice of where you can take your TOEFL iBT test — in a test center or at home with the TOEFL iBT Home Edition. 100% of Irish universities accept the TOEFL iBT Home Edition without conditions.

Learn more about the requirements for Irish study visas.

Go to the United States.
Get there with the TOEFL iBT® Test.
Demonstrate your English proficiency with the test that is preferred by 9 out of 10 universities in the United States and accepted everywhere.

Before you can apply for your U.S. student visa, you must be accepted by a study program at an accredited American institution, which will require you to prove your English proficiency with a test like the TOEFL iBT test.

Once you've applied, you must:
travel to your nearest U.S. Embassy or Consulate for a face-to-face visa interview before it's issued;
provide proof that you can financially support yourself while studying in America;
demonstrate that you have sufficient reason to return home after your studies are over.

For more information about living or studying in the United States, visit:
EducationUSA;
Study in the States;
International Student USA;
U.S. Bureau of Consular Affairs.


How Do You Choose Where to Go?
Once you've made the decision to study abroad, it's time to figure out where you want to study. But with so many places to go, how do you choose? Here are some questions to help you narrow down your options.

What kinds of culture appeal to you?
How difficult will it be to get a student visa in the country where you want to study?
What type of education do you want — independent learning, guided learning or a combination of both?
What is the cost of study and how does it compare to your budget?
What are the program requirements?
If you want to stay in that country after completing your studies, how easily will you be able to get a work visa?


How Do You Apply for a Visa?
No matter where you're planning to study, you'll probably need a visa to get there. The process for getting a visa depends on the country, but here are some helpful general tips.

Keep on Schedule.
Plan ahead so you don't miss any appointments, such as face-to-face interviews or deadlines.

Complete All Forms.
Student visa applications can be rejected or delayed if all required portions of the form aren't completed, so be sure to read and follow all instructions.

Be Honest.
Make sure you're totally honest in every stage of your student visa application. Visa agencies have comprehensive databases and will often be able to identify information that isn't accurate.

Assess Your Health.
You may be required to have a medical examination or get vaccinations before being issued a student visa.

Plan Your Finances.
Make sure you can demonstrate that you have the financial resources to pay for your tuition and living expenses while studying abroad. This will require a detailed financial plan, including any financial aid or scholarships, along with any financial documentation the country requires.

Establish Ties to Home.
You may need to prove that you have ties to home, such as family or property, and that you'll be returning to your native country after your studies are complete. You may be asked to prove how your education abroad will help you get a job in your native country.


