On Test Day.
You've prepared for success with our official test prep resources, so you're ready to do your best on your big day. It's also important to know what to expect when you take the test, especially the rules that help ensure the test is administered in a fair and secure manner. Let's learn more about test day.

If you're taking the TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition, you’ll need to review information for both at home testing and test center testing. The Speaking section of the Paper Edition is given as an at home test, while the other 3 sections are administered at a test center.

At Home Testing.
Are you taking the Home Edition or Paper Edition? Find out what to expect before and during your at home test session.

Test Center Testing.
Learn about what to bring on test day, and review procedures that apply before and during your test session.

ID Requirements.
Review the ID requirements again to make sure the ID you bring on test day is acceptable.

Information Bulletin.
Download and review the TOEFL iBT® Information Bulletin for additional information.


What to Expect When You Test At Home.
Review this information to learn about the at home testing procedures, including the materials you'll need and how to prepare the room where you'll test.

Before Your Test Session.
Checking In.
During Your Test.
Troubleshooting Technical Issues.
 
Test Takers in Mainland China: To register for the TOEFL iBT Home Edition or for information, policies and procedures specific to Mainland China, visit https://toefl.cn/at-home.

At Home Testing Videos.
Watch the following videos to learn more about at home testing.

TOEFL® At Home Testing — a preview of the entire testing process from verifying equipment and environment requirements to what to do after your test session.
ProctorU® Tutorial Video — a closer look at how to prepare your testing area, the check-in process and what you should expect during your at home test.
Tech Tips — helpful technical tips to follow before and during your test to help avoid issues.
Getting Assistance — guidance on how to interact with the proctor during your test, if needed.

Before Your At Home Test Session Begins.
Prepare Your Testing Area.
Before your TOEFL iBT® Home Edition or Paper Edition Speaking section test session begins, make sure that your computer and testing area are properly prepared, and gather the things you'll need.

Run a final ProctorU® Equipment Check and fix any issues before you attempt to check in for your test. All issues must be resolved before your appointment time.
Close all browsers and applications not needed for the test. This can help prevent bandwidth issues while you test.
Make sure any other devices in your home that use internet are not running.
Gather the materials you'll need for your test session. (All other materials are prohibited.)
Passport or other acceptable ID.
Acceptable note-taking materials, such as a whiteboard or plastic transparency sheet, that can be erased in view of the proctor.
Cell phone or hand-held mirror for check in.
Make sure your testing area meets all environment requirements, including:
The room is quiet and well lit.
The table and surrounding area are clear.
Your table and chair are positioned so that the door to the room will be visible to the proctor.
Make sure you are dressed appropriately, with your ears and face visible to the proctor. Avoid wearing any jewelry or other accessories. Face masks may not be worn during check in or any part of the at home testing experience.

Checking In for Your At Home Test.
The check-in process for the TOEFL iBT® Home Edition or the Speaking section of the Paper Edition takes approximately 20 minutes.

At your appointment time, click the "start your test" link in your appointment confirmation email. You'll have up to 12 minutes after your scheduled time to begin your check in. If you haven't checked in by that time, your test will be canceled and your fee won't be refunded.
Select "Start Session."
Complete the authentication steps, which include showing your ID to the proctor. The name on your ID must match the name on your ETS account.
The proctor will review the exam rules and request access to your computer screen for monitoring purposes.
The proctor will ask you to use either a hand-held mirror or cell phone to show your computer screen.
The proctor will ask you to move the camera on your computer to show a 360-degree view of the room, including your tabletop surface, and any other places in the room the proctor may wish to inspect.
The proctor will launch the ETS Test Browser and enter the ETS ID and password to access the test.


During Your At Home Test.
Be sure to follow all testing rules when taking the TOEFL iBT® Home Edition or the Speaking section of the Paper Edition. If you don't, your test can be canceled and your fee won't be refunded.

Don't use any unauthorized materials, including mobile devices, prewritten notes or textbooks at any time during the test, including the 10-minute break.
Personal recording devices of any kind are strictly prohibited.
You must disable any screen-sharing or remote-access software (such as Zoom®, Skype®, TeamViewer®, Microsoft Teams® and Apple Remote Desktop™) prior to the test. It must remain disabled throughout the test. Make sure that the software will not open automatically during the test.
Don't communicate with anyone other than the proctor.
There may be references to using a headset during your test. Ignore these; headsets are not allowed when testing at home.
There is a 10-minute break after the Listening section when you may leave your seat. You must return on time. Unscheduled breaks aren't allowed.
At the end of the test, you'll be able to view unofficial scores for the Reading and Listening sections. Then you'll have the option to report or cancel your scores.
ETS is monitoring reuse of devices and testing locations for unauthorized purposes. Frequent, inappropriate reuse of shared testing devices and common testing locations may result in score delay and/or score cancellation and could impact your eligibility to take future ETS exams.

Interacting with the Proctor.
During the test, the proctor will monitor you (via video camera) and your computer screen to ensure you follow all testing procedures.
Make sure you can always be seen on camera by the proctor. Suspicious movements could invalidate your test.
If you need to contact the proctor during your test, speak to get their attention and/or use the LogMeIn chat. It may take 30–60 seconds for the proctor to reply.
If the proctor is attempting to chat with you, the blue owl will bounce up and down.


Having technical issues?
If you experience a technical problem during the test, notify the proctor by speaking out loud and waving to the camera.
If you lose your internet connection momentarily, you'll automatically be reconnected to the proctor when your connection is restored. If your exam can be reopened, your proctor will do so for you. If you aren't able to reconnect and speak to the proctor, call ProctorU® at +1-855-772-8678 for assistance. Be sure to watch our Getting Assistance video for additional tips.

Your entire test session will be recorded by ProctorU and monitored by a human proctor, and your photo will be taken. Your photo from the test session will be shared with institutions as part of your TOEFL iBT score report.

Complaints about Test Administration.
If you have a complaint about the testing facilities, the test center staff or ProctorU, email TOEFL@ets.org no later than 5 days after your test date. Be sure to include the following:
name you used when you registered;
registration number;
date of the test;
name of the test center (if applicable);
city and country where you took the test.

* Does not apply to the TOEFL iBT Paper Edition.

Troubleshooting At Home Testing Technical Issues.

What if I fail the ProctorU® Equipment Check?
You must resolve all issues (shown in red) and pass the equipment check prior to checking in for your test. If you can't resolve the issues yourself, contact ProctorU using the contact form at the bottom of the equipment check page. Live Help Desk Technicians are available to assist you.

You must resolve all issues before your test appointment, or you won't be able to test, and you will not receive a refund or free reschedule.

Is there anything I can do ahead of time to prevent issues?
Run the ProctorU Equipment Check at the time of day you plan to test to make sure you don't have any bandwidth issues.
Run a final equipment check shortly before your test session starts.
Close all browsers and applications not needed for the test. This can help prevent bandwidth issues while you test.
Disable any screen-sharing or remote-access software prior to the test. It must remain disabled throughout the test and should be set so that the software will not open automatically during the test.
Make sure any other devices in your household that use internet aren't running.
For additional information and troubleshooting help, visit the ProctorU Test-taker Resource Page.

What if I have an issue right before my test starts?
If you have technical issues immediately before your test, contact ProctorU:

Live Chat:
Live Chat
Phone:
+1-855-772-8678.

What if I have a technical issue and my start time is extended?
This won't affect the amount of time you have to complete the test. The timer for your test doesn't begin until the proctor enters the password.

What if I have a technical issue during my test?
If you have a technical issue during your test, speak and wave to get the proctor's attention. If you still have internet access but have been disconnected from the test, notify the proctor via the LogMeIn chat function. The chat icon (a blue owl) can be found on the task bar for a PC and on the menu bar for Mac®.

What if I lose internet during the test?
If you lose your internet connection momentarily, you'll automatically be reconnected to the proctor when your connection is restored. If your exam can be reopened, your proctor will do so for you.

If you aren't able to reconnect and speak to the proctor via the LogMeIn chat function, call ProctorU at +1-855-772-8678 for assistance.

What to Expect When You Test at a Test Center.
The following information will familiarize you with what to expect when you take your test at a test center, and it applies to both the TOEFL iBT® test and the TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition (Reading, Listening and Writing sections).

A Preview of Test Day
Watch our TOEFL iBT® Test Day video to learn more about:

checking in;
presenting your identification;
test security procedures;
using your headset and microphone;
taking the test;
viewing your Reading and Listening scores;
the option to cancel your scores.


What to Expect on Test Day.
What to Bring.
Checking In.
During Your Test.

Double-check Your Appointment Details.
24 hours before your appointment, sign in to your ETS account to confirm there are no changes to your registration details (e.g., a different time or building than originally scheduled).

Enhanced Safety Procedures.
To help protect the health and safety of test takers and staff, enhanced procedures have been implemented at test centers, including:
social distancing measures;
masks may be required during the entire test;
allowance of gloves to be worn;
enhanced cleaning of testing stations.

Additionally, all of our test centers have regular schedules for frequent cleaning of high-touch surfaces and provide disposable wipes so that you can wipe down your testing area.

Some test centers are requiring proof of vaccination or a negative COVID-19 test within a specific timeframe before testing, for entrance to the test center. Be sure to check with your local test center for a complete list of health and safety procedures required for admission to the test center.

Be sure to check with your local test center for a complete list of health and safety procedures.

Doesn't apply to TOEFL iBT Paper Edition.

What to Bring to the Test Center.
The list of things you must bring to the test center on the day of your TOEFL iBT® test is short:

valid, acceptable identification (ID);
a mask;
a printout of your order confirmation email (for the Paper Edition test only) — you will need to record information from the email on your answer sheet;
#2 or HB pencils and erasers (for the Paper Edition test only) — mechanical pencils are not permitted.

You can't bring any food or drink into the testing room unless you have an approved health accommodation. (You must request accommodations before you register for the test.)

Bring Valid ID.
We recommend that you bring at least 2 forms of ID, if you can, in case the test administrator questions the first ID you present.

If you don't bring valid and acceptable identification, or if the name on your ID doesn't exactly match the name in your account, you won't be able to take the test, and your test fee won't be refunded.

Bring a Mask.
You must bring your own mask. If you don't have one, you won't be admitted to the test center.

Depending on the test center and/or local policy, you may be required to wear it some or all of the time you're in the test center. You can wear a mask even if it's not required. Medical masks and cloth face coverings are acceptable. Masks with valves or vents aren't permitted.
You must remove the mask temporarily to have your photo taken and to enable the test center to verify your ID during check-in and upon returning from breaks.
You may also bring rubber gloves to wear during the test, but they aren't required.

Don't Bring Personal Belongings.
If it's not an approved item, don't try to bring it into the testing room! This includes phones, watches or any other electronic, recording, listening, scanning or photographic devices.

For a full list of prohibited items and items that may be inspected, see the Information Bulletin.

Checking In for Your Test at a Test Center.
Make sure to arrive at least 30 minutes before your test time, to allow time for check in.

ETS respects individuals' privacy and has implemented procedures to ensure that the check-in process is completed in a respectful manner. You should be prepared to undergo these security measures to ensure a fair testing environment. Failure to comply may result in your dismissal from the test, and your test fee will not be refunded.

More details about test center procedures and regulations can be found in the TOEFL iBT® Information Bulletin.

Procedures at All Test Centers.
All test centers will require you to do the following:
Show ETS-approved identification that contains your photograph and signature. The name on your ID must exactly match the name you used when you registered for the test.
Provide handwriting and signature samples.
Have your photo taken. Your photo will be displayed at your computer station and embedded into your score reports.
Keep your face fully visible during check in.
Keep your ears visible, including avoiding the use of a headset or earphones.
Allow a staff member to inspect your eyeglasses during check in.
Ask you to remove your head covering, if you wear one for religious or cultural reasons, for visual inspection during check in.
Empty your pockets, raise your pant legs above your ankles and pull up your sleeves above your wrists for visual inspection. Such inspections are routine prior to each entry into the testing room.

Visual Inspection Requests.
You may request that inspections be performed by a staff member of the same gender as you, and/or in an area that is sheltered from the view of other people. Test center staff will make every effort to accommodate such requests, but ETS cannot guarantee that all test centers will have the necessary staff and space available.

To request a staff member of the same gender, contact ETS at least 5 days before your test date.

Email:
TSReturns@ets.org
Phone:
1-800-750-6991 (toll free for test takers in the United States, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico and Canada). +1-609-406-5430 (for all other locations).

Phone hours are 7:30 a.m.–5:30 p.m., U.S. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday (except U.S. holidays).

Procedures at Some Test Centers.
Some test centers also require 1 or more of the following:

fingerprinting/thumbprinting;
ID with electronic chip;
video monitoring of the testing room during the test;
biometric voice and photo identification;
the use of electronic detection scanning devices (for example, handheld metal detectors/wands);
visual inspection for unauthorized testing aids or other wearable technology.
* Not applicable for TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition

During Your Test at a Test Center.
The Test Session.
The test administrator will assign you a seat shortly before the test begins.
You'll be given noise-reducing headphones with a microphone that you'll speak into for the Speaking section of the test.
If you need help, raise your hand.
There will be a 10-minute break after the Listening section of the test.
You won't be able to leave the testing room or the test center without permission, either during the test or during breaks.
You must present your ID to the test center administrator for verification when you leave and when you return from a break.
If you leave the testing room to go to the storage area or the restroom, the test clock won't stop.
The test center staff will provide scratch paper. At the end of your test, return all scratch paper to the test administrator. Don't tear or remove any part of it. You can ask for more paper if you need it, but you have to return the paper you have before you can get more.
You'll use a standard QWERTY English-language keyboard for the test. In some countries, the common keyboard used is configured to QWERTY and a template is provided to each test taker to help with locating the few keys that are in a different location.
You will not have access to personal items such as books, electronic devices, handbags or backpacks, which are stored separately to maintain security. See the list of unauthorized aids in the "Improper Behaviors" section. Test centers and ETS assume no responsibility for personal items you choose to bring to the test center.
If you think there is a problem with a test item and want to question it for any reason, notify the test center administrator before leaving. Learn more about Inquiries on Test Questions.

Cancelling Your Scores.
At the end of the test, your Reading and Listening sections are scored instantly. These unofficial scores can give you an idea of how you did on the test. You will then have the choice to report or cancel your scores. Consider this carefully! This is your only opportunity to cancel your scores. When making your decision, keep in mind:

You have to cancel all section scores if you wish to cancel. You can't cancel 1 section and have other section scores reported.
If you cancel your scores, you won't receive a refund.
There is no fee to cancel your scores, but there is a fee to reinstate them.
Canceled scores aren't reported to you or to any institution or agency.

Note: If you take the TOEFL iBT Paper Edition, you’ll have the option to cancel your scores on your answer sheet after you complete the Reading, Writing, and Listening sections. You will also have the option to cancel your scores after taking the Speaking section from home. If you choose to cancel on either, your entire test scores will be canceled.

Reporting Suspicious Behavior – Test Fraud Hotline.
Contact ETS to report behavior that may interfere with test security or cause a disturbance. All reported incidents of fraud are taken seriously and investigated closely. All information is held in the strictest confidence.

Email:
reportcheating@toefl.org
Phone:
1-800-353-8570 (Toll free for test takers in the United States, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico and Canada).

Complaints about Test Administration.
If you have a complaint about the testing facilities, the test center staff or ProctorU®, email TOEFL@ets.org no later than 5 days after your test date. Be sure to include the name you used when you registered, your registration number, the date of the test, the name of the test center (if applicable), and the city and country where you took the test.

* Does not apply to the TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition.

TOEFL iBT® Testing Policies.
ETS is committed to providing tests that are fair to all test takers and administered in a secure environment. To this end, ETS has established and maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure the integrity and fairness of your testing experience.

Improper Behavior Leading to Test Termination.
Rescheduled Tests.


Improper Behavior Leading to Test Termination: Test Security Procedures.
Because so many individuals and institutions rely on TOEFL® test scores, test security is very important to ETS. There are procedures that test centers must follow to ensure the test is administered in a fair, secure manner. If you refuse or fail to follow any instructions of test center staff or the proctor, your test session will be terminated, and your test fee won't be refunded.

More details about test center procedures and regulations can be found in the TOEFL iBT® Information Bulletin.

Investigating Fraudulent or Unethical Testing Behavior.
Fraudulent or unethical testing behavior will not be tolerated. ETS may use statistical evaluation or other professional evaluation methods as evidence that a test taker did not complete the test or part of the test independently or that pre-knowledge of test questions or answers occurred. If ETS believes that a test taker may have gained an unfair advantage by sharing or obtaining test questions, topics or answers before, during or after the test, or that a test was completed in whole or in part by someone or with the assistance of someone other than the registered test taker, ETS may exercise its right to cancel the test taker's appointment in advance, hold or cancel the test taker's scores and/or ban the test taker from future testing.

If your scores are placed on hold, you will not be able to send score reports to any institution or agency until the investigation is complete and the scores are released.

If any of ETS's investigative methods result in a test taker's scores being canceled, or if unethical behavior is identified on or after test day, ETS may also share its concerns with score recipients selected by the test taker, so that the information can be considered in the institution's or agency's decision-making process. ETS will send a copy of your cancellation letter to any institution or agency that has received your scores.

Reasons for Test Termination.
The test center administrator or proctor is authorized to dismiss you from the test center and/or terminate your test, and ETS reserves the right to hold and/or cancel your scores, and/or ban you from future testing, for any action that violates any of the policies and procedures in the Bulletin, on the TOEFL website or communicated to you at the test center or by the proctor on the day of the test, including but not limited to:

Taking or attempting to take the test or part of the test for someone else, or having or attempting to have someone take the test or part of the test for you.
Removing or attempting to remove or transmit any test content, scratch paper or notes relating to the test. Under no circumstances may test content or any part of the test content be removed, reproduced, transmitted and/or disclosed to any person or entity by any means, including by hard copy, verbally and/or electronically.
Referring to, looking through or working on any test or test section when not authorized to do so, or working after time has been called.
Failing to provide valid, acceptable identification.
Obtaining or having improper access to any test content, a part of the test, or information about the test, including test questions, topics or answers, in advance of the test administration, or bringing pre-knowledge of any test information into the test location. This includes on your ID documents, via prohibited devices, and any other method used as an aid in connection with the test. ETS reserves the right to cancel scores when evidence of pre-knowledge is found.
Using or having a phone, watch of any kind, or any other electronic device in your testing environment is prohibited and will result in your dismissal from the test center, test termination and/or cancellation of your scores by ETS. Your test fee will not be refunded.
Enabling screen sharing and remote access software during testing.
Using or having of any of the following unauthorized aids:
mechanical pencils;
pens;
scan pens;
calculators;
books;
pamphlets;
notes;
unauthorized scrap paper;
rulers;
highlighter pens;
stereos or radios with headphones;
headphones (applies to at home testing);
dictionaries;
test preparation materials;
translators;
any electronic listening, recording, scanning, listening or photographic devices.

Bringing personal items other than ID documents into the testing area. Clothing and other personal items are subject to inspection by the test center supervisor or test proctor. You may also be prohibited from wearing certain clothing or hair accessories during testing. Items that may be inspected and/or prohibited include, but are not limited to:
neckties;
bow ties;
hats;
scarves;
jackets and other outerwear;
tie clips;
cuff links;
combs;
barrettes;
headbands;
jewelry (other than wedding rings).

Tampering with the computer.
Leaving the testing area or the test center building without permission during the test or during breaks.
Taking a weapon or firearm into the test center.
Having food or beverages in the testing area, unless you have been approved for an accommodation based on a disability or health-related need.
Having tobacco or electronic cigarettes in the testing area.
Taking unscheduled or unauthorized breaks.
Receiving assistance of any kind with your responses to the Speaking section questions.
Using notes of any kind to prepare your essay prior to your test or during breaks.
Evidence that responses are invalid for reasons including unusual timing patterns, unusual answer patterns, inconsistent performance on different parts of the test, or performance inconsistent with other test administrations.
Evidence that a Writing or Speaking response includes material that is substantially similar to material in other TOEFL test taker responses, or the quoting or paraphrasing of language or ideas from published or unpublished sources without attribution.
Creating a disturbance by engaging in any kind of disruptive or threatening behavior. Disruptive behavior in any form will not be tolerated. The test center administrator or proctor has sole discretion in determining what constitutes disruptive behavior.
Receiving or attempting to receive help, or giving or attempting to give help. Communication in any form is prohibited, including discussing or sharing test questions, topics or answers during the test or during previously approved breaks, and discussing or sharing test questions, topics or answer after the test. This also includes communication via chat, message board or forum, SMS message, text message, email or photographs.
Failing to follow any regulations in the Bulletin, on this website, instructions given by the test center administrator, proctor, or specified in any materials.
ETS reserves the right to take any and all action — including but not limited to banning you from future testing or holding or cancelling your scores — for failure to comply with test administration regulations, the test proctor's or the test center administrator's instructions. If your scores are canceled, they will not be reported and your test fee will not be refunded.

ETS is monitoring reuse of devices and testing locations for unauthorized purposes. Frequent, inappropriate reuse of shared testing devices and common testing locations may result in score delay and/or score cancellation and could impact your eligibility to take future ETS exams.



Rescheduled Tests.
On occasion, weather conditions, technical issues or other circumstances beyond our control may result in a delayed start or rescheduled test, or scores may be canceled after you take the test.

If your test is rescheduled by ETS before you test, you can select a different test date and you will not be charged the rescheduling fee.

If you travel to the test center and find out that the test administration has been canceled by ETS, you can reschedule your test at no charge or receive a full refund of your test fee.

If ETS cancels a test administration and you incurred travel costs to get to the test center, you may be eligible for reimbursement of reasonable and documented travel expenses for yourself only within 30 days of your original test date. Refunds are issued in the currency used to pay for the test.

When you contact TOEFL® Services, have appropriate receipts available and be prepared to provide the following information:
name;
date of birth;
mailing address;
daytime phone number;
email address;
original test date;
TOEFL appointment number;
a description of the problem.

If you have any questions about the rescheduling and refund policies, please contact TOEFL Services.
