TOEFL iBT® Scores.
The reputation and high standards of the TOEFL iBT® test mean that your TOEFL® scores help you stand out to admissions officers and show you have what it takes to be great. Your scores provide:

a true reflection of your abilities in the way they're used in an actual classroom;
fair and unbiased scores from a centralized scoring network, not a test center.

More than 11,500 institutions in over 160 countries accept TOEFL scores. When your goal is university study, choose the test with scores that are widely accepted and preferred around the world.

Did you know?
Your score report includes MyBest® scores, also known as superscores, to help you show your best overall performance and achieve your goals sooner. Learn more.

Let's learn more about your test scores and how they can help you get where you want to go.

Getting Your Scores.
See when you can expect your scores in your ETS account after you take the test.

Sending Your Scores.
Designate score recipients before you test. Send out additional score reports after you test.

Understanding Your Scores.
What do your scores mean?

Scoring Policies.
Read the policies that ensure our scoring is fair and unbiased.

How We Ensure Fairness and Quality.
When you take the TOEFL iBT test, the only thing that matters is what you know, not where you test, what you look like or who scores your test. All scoring is handled by a centralized scoring network to ensure consistency, fairness and quality, and to offer a complete and accurate picture of your ability.




Getting Your TOEFL iBT® Scores.
When Will You Get Your Scores?
When your scores will be available in your ETS account depends on how you took your TOEFL iBT® test.

Taken at a test center: 6 days after your test date.
TOEFL iBT® Home Edition: 6–10 days after your test date.
TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition: 11–13 business days after your test date.

How Do You Get Your Scores?
Through Your ETS Account.
You'll receive an email when your scores are available, and you can access your account online.

Your scores are valid for 2 years, so you may want to download and print a PDF copy of your test taker score report from your account. PDF score reports are ready for download 2 days after you receive your scores electronically through your ETS account, or you can view this list of dates (PDF) for an estimated availability date, for tests taken at a test center. Note: PDF score reports are currently not available for tests taken in Mainland China.

If you have questions about your score report, contact TOEFL Services.

By Mail.
If you requested a paper copy of your score report before you took the test, it will be mailed 11–15 days after your test date, or sooner depending on how you took the test. Delivery times will vary based on local postal services.

When Do Score Recipients Receive Your Scores?
When your designated score recipients will receive your scores depends on how you took the test and what method of score delivery they use.

For more information, see Sending Your Scores.

Reinstating Your TOEFL iBT® Scores.
If you would like to reinstate canceled scores, your request must be received no later than 60 days after your test date. The fee for reinstatement is US$20. All scores must be available to request reinstatement. There are 2 ways to request a reinstatement:
through your ETS account;
by completing and returning the request form (PDF).

It takes approximately 3 weeks from receipt of your request and payment to reinstate your scores. Once reinstated, your scores will be available in your account and sent to your designated institutions.

Note: This applies only to scores that you canceled on test day at the end of your test. Scores canceled by ETS cannot be reinstated.

Requesting a Score Review.
You can request a score review of your Writing and/or Speaking section up to 30 days after you take the test. The cost for each section is US$80; a review of both sections costs US$160.

The following policies apply:
Your scores can be reviewed only once.
If you want both sections reviewed, they must be done at the same time.
If the review results in a change in your scores (lower or higher), the revised scores will become your official scores.
Your scores can't be reviewed if you have already requested that they be sent to an institution or agency.
See acceptable forms of payment and payment policies.
You can request a score review in one of 2 ways:
through your ETS account;
by completing and returning the TOEFL iBT® Score Review Request Form (PDF).

Scores are reported 1–3 weeks after we receive your request and payment.

Sending Your TOEFL iBT® Scores.
Before the Test.
Your test fee includes up to 4 free official TOEFL® score reports to be sent to the TOEFL Destinations that you select before you take the test. You can add or delete score report recipients through your ETS account until 10 p.m. (local test center time) on the day before your test.

Please keep in mind that if you designate any institution or agency to receive your scores, you won't be able to request a score review of your Writing and/or Speaking sections.

Score delivery time can vary based on how you took the test and how your designated score recipients receive scores (all times approximate):
ETS® Data Manager: 6–8 business days (11–13 business days for TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition);
Scorelink® Service: 8–10 business days (11–16 business days for Paper Edition);
Postal Mail: 10–12 business days plus mailing time. Allow an additional 7–10 days for mail delivery in the United States, and 4–6 weeks for mail delivery to other locations. For information specific to your postal system, contact your post office.

After the Test.
Your scores are valid for 2 years after your test date. During that time, you can order additional score reports for a fee of US$20* per institution/agency in 1 of 3 ways:

Through Your ETS Account.
Access your account online and use the "Send Additional Score Reports" option.
Pay by credit/debit card, e-check or PayPal®.
Score reports are mailed 3–5 business days after your request is received.

By Fax.
Fill out the TOEFL iBT® Additional Score Report Request Form (PDF).
Fax the completed form with your appointment number and credit/debit card information to +1-610-290-8972.
If you send the same fax more than once, write "DUPLICATE" in large letters on the form to avoid extra charges to your credit/debit card.
Score reports are mailed 10 business days after your request is received.

By Mail.
Complete the TOEFL iBT Additional Score Report Request Form (PDF).
Mail it with your payment to:

ETS-TOEFL iBT
P.O. Box 6153
Princeton, NJ 08541-6153 USA.

Score reports are mailed 10 business days after your request is received.
There is no Additional Score Reports fee for the TOEFL iBT Paper Edition.

Understanding Your TOEFL iBT® Scores.
What Do Your Scores Mean?
You will receive 4 scaled section scores and a total score.

Each section has a score range of 0–30.
These are added together for a total score of 0–120.
Each skill has 4 or 5 proficiency levels, so where your score falls within that range tells you your proficiency for that skill.

Skill	Level
Reading	Advanced (24–30)
High-Intermediate (18–23)
Low-Intermediate (4–17)
Below Low-Intermediate (0–3)
Listening	Advanced (22–30)
High-Intermediate (17–21)
Low-Intermediate (9–16)
Below Low-Intermediate (0–8)
Speaking	Advanced (25–30)
High-Intermediate (20–24)
Low-Intermediate (16–19)
Basic (10–15)
Below Basic (0–9)
Writing	Advanced (24–30)
High-Intermediate (17–23)
Low-Intermediate (13–16)
Basic (7–12)
Below Basic (0–6).

For more information, see Performance Descriptors for the TOEFL iBT® test (PDF).

Did You Pass?
There are no passing or failing scores set by the TOEFL® Program or ETS. Each institution or agency sets its own score requirements. For more information about how your scores will be used or interpreted, contact the institution or agency directly.

What Are MyBest® Scores?
MyBest® scores, also referred to as superscores, offer you a way to show your best overall performance by combining your highest section scores from all test dates within the last 2 years. This can help you to achieve your goals sooner, since it means you may be able to meet score requirements for your institution with fewer tests.

All TOEFL iBT score reports show both your traditional scores from your selected test date and your MyBest scores, like this.

This image shows a single student test score where scores for reading, listening, speaking, writing and a total score are shown on the left, and the right image is showing the test takers MyBest score for each section from all of their valid TOEFL scores in the last 2 years.

An increasing number of universities and other institutions accept MyBest scores. We recommend that you check with institutions directly to confirm their TOEFL score requirements.

If you take the TOEFL iBT® Paper Edition, the MyBest scores section will only include your scores from all TOEFL iBT Paper Edition tests. It will not include your scores from tests taken at a test center or from home with the TOEFL iBT® Home Edition.

How Is the Test Scored?
TOEFL tests are only scored by a centralized scoring network, never at the test center. The Reading and Listening sections are scored by computer. The Speaking and Writing sections are scored by a combination of automated AI scoring and multiple, highly trained human raters to:
offer a complete and accurate picture of your ability;
minimize the rater bias that can occur with face-to-face interviews;
ensure consistency and the highest quality.

The TOEFL iBT Paper Edition Writing section is scored by human raters only.

Institutions Accepting MyBest® Scores.
Universities and other institutions around the world have confirmed that they accept MyBest® scores for the TOEFL iBT® test. Below is a list of the institutions known by ETS to accept MyBest scores for their programs. It is based on information taken from university websites or other official university sources.

Additional universities may accept MyBest scores but not specifically mention it on their websites. Be sure to check with them directly if there is a question about their policy. Some universities may need time to discuss and update their requirements.

To add an institution or program to this list, email toeflnews@ets.org.


Institutions Accepting TOEFL iBT® Home Edition Scores.
The TOEFL iBT® Home Edition is a safe, convenient and reliable testing option for students and institutions worldwide. Because the Home Edition is still a TOEFL iBT test, scores can be accepted and used in the same way as the test center version, and we have received overwhelmingly positive feedback about the acceptance and use of Home Edition scores from thousands of universities worldwide.

Please note that not all universities may specifically list the TOEFL iBT Home Edition on their website even when they accept it, since they already list the TOEFL iBT test. Be sure to check with them directly if there is a question about their policy. Some universities may need time to discuss and update their requirements.

For your convenience, below is a list of institutions that have specifically listed the TOEFL iBT Home Edition, based on information taken from university websites or other official university sources.

To add an institution or program to this list, email toeflnews@ets.org.


Scoring Policies.
Confidentiality of Scores.
ETS Data Retention.
Inquiries on Test Questions.
ETS Score Cancellation.

ETS Use of Personal Information.
By providing personal information to us and/or registering for a TOEFL® test, you expressly consent (or confirm your consent) to allow ETS to use such personal information in accordance with the ETS Privacy and Security Policy and the Test Taker Privacy and Information Security Policy.

ETS may collect some information by phone and/or audio/video, or collect biometric identifiers such as fingerprints or still photographs.

Why Happens if ETS Questions My Scores?
There are several reasons that ETS may question a test taker's TOEFL scores. Learn more about these reasons and the options available for resolution.

Confidentiality of Scores.
The TOEFL® program recognizes test takers' right to privacy. Under the ETS privacy and information security policy, it is the program's responsibility to protect information that is stored in data or research files held by ETS from unauthorized disclosure. Under certain specific conditions, this data may be shared:
ETS or its authorized associate(s) may share test takers' score data with institutions or agencies for verification purposes.
TOEFL test score data or writing and speaking responses that are not individually identified may be used at any time for informational, research, statistical or training purposes. Information retained in TOEFL records is the same as the information in the score posting and on the official score reports.
Official score reports will be sent only to those institutions or agencies chosen by the test taker when he or she registered to test, on a Score Report Request Form submitted at a later date, or otherwise authorized by the test taker.
Test takers who provide their TOEFL registration numbers to an entity (for example, government immigration offices) are deemed to have authorized release of their TOEFL score data to that entity. Do not provide your appointment number to anyone unless you want them to have access to your score data.
Entities must contract with ETS for access, but once they do that, they can use the information you provided to access your scores. Review specific Terms and Conditions of the TOEFL Online Score Verification Service (PDF).
ETS's goal is to report valid scores that reflect the test taker's own unaided abilities. To that end, ETS reserves the right to share any and all information in its possession about a test taker and the terms and conditions of test taking with appropriate parties, including:
Any entity contracted with ETS and recognized as an authorized user of TOEFL test scores. This includes, without limitation, any entity to which ETS reports scores at the test taker's request.
Any government agency responsible for administration or enforcement of U.S. criminal and/or immigration laws.
Information subject to release to appropriate parties includes — but is not limited to — test taker identifying information, information concerning the conduct and findings of any test security investigation, and information regarding the test center where the test was taken.
Scores are not to be released by score recipients without the permission of the test taker (subject to the arrangements and laws applicable to the test taker and the recipient).

ETS Data Retention.
ETS shall at all times protect your personal information with operational, administrative, technical and physical security safeguards. Unless your photograph or other biometric samples taken on the day of the test or during the check-in or registration process are being used in connection with a test security investigation, ETS shall retain them for a maximum of 3 years unless local regulations limit retention.

We will keep your information as needed to meet the following requirements:
To protect against fraud, theft and misrepresentation by unauthorized test takers;
For the purpose of identity verification;
To maintain integrity of the testing process.


Test Question Inquiries.
Although ETS employs extensive quality control checks throughout the development of test questions and the preparation of final tests, typographical errors or flaws in questions can occasionally occur. If you suspect a problem and want to question a test item for any reason, notify the administrator before you leave the test center.

You can also write to:
TOEFL Test Question Inquiries
Educational Testing Service
Rosedale Road, MS 42N-208
Princeton, NJ 08541-0001, USA.

Or send a fax to +1-609-683-2600 as soon as possible after taking the test.

Please include:
the test name;
the test section;
the test date;
the name of the center where the test was taken;
the number of the test item being questioned, if possible.


ETS Score Cancellation Policy.
ETS and the TOEFL® program strive to report scores that accurately reflect the performance and independent work of every test taker. ETS standards in this regard have 2 primary goals:
giving all test takers an equal opportunity to demonstrate their abilities;
preventing any test taker from gaining an unfair advantage over others.

These standards are of the utmost importance to ETS and those who rely on the validity of ETS test scores. Therefore, ETS reserves the right to cancel any test score when, in its sole judgment, there is substantial evidence that the score is invalid. Scores may be canceled as a result of test taker behavior or irregularities that affect testing integrity.

Test Taker Behavior.
Fraudulent or unethical testing behavior will not be tolerated. ETS reserves the right to cancel a test taker's test appointment in advance, hold or cancel the test taker's scores, and/or ban the test taker from future testing if it appears that the entire test wasn't taken solely by person who was registered, or that there was pre-knowledge of test questions or answers.

If your scores are placed on hold, you will not be able to send score reports to any institution or agency until the investigation is complete and the scores are released.

If any of ETS's investigative methods result in a test taker's scores being cancelled, or if unethical behavior is identified on test day, ETS may also share its concerns with score recipients selected by the test taker so that the information can be considered in the institution or agency's decision-making process.

ETS reserves the right to dismiss you from a test session, terminate your test, and/or cancel your scores and ban you from taking ETS tests in the future for violations such as, but not limited to, those listed under Improper Behavior Leading to Test Termination.

Test Integrity Irregularities.
ETS may cancel your scores for irregularities such as, but not limited to, the following:

Problems with the administration of a test (improper timing, improper seating, defective materials, defective equipment) and other disruptions of test administrations (natural disasters, weather conditions and other emergencies). These may affect an individual, a group or multiple groups of test takers.
Circumstances at the test center reasonably indicate that the test was improperly administered due to fraudulent or other improper or illegal activities. In certain circumstances, determined by ETS, all scores for test takers at a particular test center may be canceled even if there is no evidence of individual wrongdoing.
If your test administration is canceled before you test, or your test cannot be scored or your scores are canceled due to a testing irregularity, you can select a different test date and you will not be charged the rescheduling fee.

If you arrive at your testing appointment and find out that the test administration has been canceled by ETS, you can reschedule your test at no charge or receive a full refund of your test fee.

If ETS cancels a test administration and you incurred travel costs to get to the test center, you may be eligible for reimbursement of reasonable and documented travel expenses for yourself only within 30 days of your original test date. Refunds are in U.S. dollars. When you contact TOEFL® Services, have appropriate receipts available and be prepared to provide the following information:

Name;
Date of birth;
Mailing address;
Daytime phone number;
Email address;
Original test date;
TOEFL registration number;
A description of the problem.

Invalidating/Cancelling Scores.
When there is information that ETS considers sufficient to indicate that a test taker has engaged in any activity that affects score validity, ETS may cancel the test taker's scores and may ban the test taker from future ETS tests. In addition, when there is information that ETS considers sufficient that the administrator of the test did not comply with regulations, some or all scores from that administration may be held or canceled.

For test takers outside the United States, ETS may also inform score recipients of the reason(s) for the score cancellation and may also disclose the reason(s) for score cancellation in certain group cases. Note: This policy applies only to test takers outside the United States. For more detailed information, see Why and How ETS Questions TOEFL® Scores.

ETS reserves the right to take any action — including, but not limited to, dismissing you from the test center, terminating your test, cancelling your scores and banning you from future testing — for failure to comply with test administration regulations, the test center administrator's or test proctor's instructions. If you are dismissed from the test center, your test is terminated or your scores are canceled, your scores will not be reported, and your test fee will not be refunded.

ETS reserves the right to take appropriate action and/or notify the appropriate authorities, including but not limited to law enforcement authorities, if any test taker responds in a threatening or disturbing way to essay questions, or communicates with ETS either verbally or in writing in a threatening or disturbing manner.

Test takers who respond to a Speaking or Writing question by using profanity or other inappropriate language or content will receive a score of zero. ETS will exercise its right to determine what constitutes an inappropriate response.

Liability.
ETS shall have no liability to any test taker for damages or claims of any kind whatsoever that the test taker may assert against ETS for not reporting scores, holding or cancelling scores, banning the test taker from future testing or disclosure of test taker information pursuant to ETS's rights.

Report Suspicious Behavior — Test Fraud Hotline.
Please contact ETS as soon as possible to report any conduct you observe at or in connection with a test administration that may be in conflict with the above policies, whether or not the conduct leads to an invalid score. Your identity will be held in confidence.

Email:
reportcheating@toefl.org
Phone:
+1-609-406-5430
Fax:
+1-609-406-0709.



Why and How ETS Questions TOEFL® Scores.
Preface.
The procedures and options described below apply to score validity cases only and do not apply to testing irregularities, discrepancies in test taker identification or test taker misconduct.

As a matter of fairness to test takers, educational institutions, government agencies, professional organizations, or any entity that ETS recognizes as an authorized user of TOEFL® scores in making important decisions about test takers, ETS reviews test scores that may be invalid. This page explains why and how ETS questions the validity of test scores when concerns arise.

Most test scores are reported by ETS without any question regarding their validity. When ETS is concerned that test scores may be invalid, ETS invites the test taker to submit information that addresses these concerns. ETS also makes available 3 options for resolution, which are described in detail under "Options Leading to Resolution" below.

The test taker may:
1. authorize ETS to cancel the questioned scores and take a future test without charge;
2. authorize ETS to cancel the questioned scores and receive a refund;
3. submit the matter to arbitration (for test takers testing in the United States at the time of testing).

The test taker has the right to initiate legal action. However, the filing of a lawsuit will not necessarily delay the cancellation of scores that ETS determines are invalid.

"Testing irregularities" refers to problems with the administration of a test. When they occur, they may affect an individual or groups of test takers. Such problems include, but are not limited to, administrative errors (e.g., improper timing, improper seating, improper proctoring, technical difficulties, defective materials, defective equipment or the failure of testing staff to comply with test administration policies or procedures) and disruptions of test administrations.

Why ETS Questions Test Scores.
ETS tests are widely viewed as accurate assessments of the abilities they are designed to measure. As a result, the millions of people who take ETS tests each year and the thousands of score recipients who receive test scores count on the validity of the test scores that ETS reports. This is why ETS questions test scores when it is believed they may be invalid.

Acceptance of ETS Policies.
ETS strives to administer tests under secure, standard conditions that afford test takers equivalent opportunities to demonstrate their abilities. During the registration process, upon arrival at the test center and before the start of the testing session, test takers are required to signify their agreement to accept ETS policies and procedures. As part of that agreement, they acknowledge that ETS has the right to review scores of questionable validity and to cancel scores when there is substantial evidence that they are invalid.

Fairness.
ETS recognizes the importance of treating test takers fairly and has designed procedures with fairness in mind. Communications in cases of questioned scores, including the information provided below, are designed to help test takers understand ETS procedures for reviewing scores so that questions about score validity can be resolved as quickly and equitably as possible.

The test taker's score record and the documents completed that are retained at ETS may be released to any entity that ETS recognizes as an authorized recipient of scores, including without limitation (1) any entity to which ETS reports scores at the test taker's request, (2) any government agency, including agencies responsible for administration or enforcement of U.S. criminal and/or immigration laws, and (3) pursuant to a U.S. or foreign subpoena or required by applicable law.

ETS may be required by a score recipient or other third party to release the names of test takers whose scores have been questioned, whether or not these scores are canceled and the reason for the score cancellation. The information that may be released includes, but is not limited to, identifying information, details of any test security investigation and details regarding the test center where the test was taken. Typically, the reasons for the disclosure of test taker information include score verification, test security investigations and investigations by score recipients of possible unlawful activity.

The ETS Score Review Process.
Over the years, ETS has developed procedures to review the validity of test scores. Unless ETS finds substantial evidence that test scores are invalid, the scores are reported. If ETS has concerns about the validity of test scores, the test taker is offered an opportunity to respond and select an option for resolving the matter. If the matter cannot be resolved, ETS will cancel the questioned scores.

If before, during or after a review of questionable scores, ETS finds that misconduct has occurred in connection with a test, ETS may treat the matter under its misconduct procedures. In that event, the options available in connection with Score Invalidity reviews will not be available even if those options were previously offered.

How Questions Arise.
Questions about the validity of test scores may arise from:
inquiries from score recipients about the validity of particular scores (such inquiries often arise from inconsistencies among different measures of a test taker's abilities);
communications from test center administrators or other test takers;
other internal and external sources of information.

Although ETS considers information received from these sources, ETS does not cancel scores unless it is determined that there is substantial evidence that the scores are invalid.

Some Types of Information that ETS Considers When Reviewing Scores.
Information, including but not limited to, indicating that:
a test taker may not have worked independently;
test scores are inconsistent with previous test scores or other measures of the test taker's abilities;
test content or answers may have been available to the test taker before or during the test administration;
an external source has provided such information to ETS.

Comparisons of, including but not limited to:
a test taker's answers with those of other test takers;
a test taker's scores with previous scores, or scores on different sections of the test;
the handwriting from documents completed on test day with handwriting on other documents;
identification documents presented by the test taker on test day with other records;
the information on test day documents with other records;
answers changed to match those of another test taker;
biometric data.

No Action Taken During Review.
When questions are raised before test scores have been reported, ETS does not report the scores to score recipients unless and until concerns about their validity have been resolved. On the other hand, if previously reported scores are in question, ETS does not notify score recipients unless and until it has decided to cancel the scores after the review and resolution process has been completed, or after the test taker has failed to comply with deadlines for submitting information or exercising an option.

Two-stage Review Process.
ETS will not cancel test scores without substantial evidence that they are invalid. To ensure fairness, the review process involves 2 stages, with different sets of personnel responsible for each.

The Initial Review.
The ETS Office of Testing Integrity (OTI) is responsible for the initial review of scores. OTI staff consider whether, based on information available to ETS, there appears to be substantial evidence of invalidity. In each case the OTI prepares a file, called a Score Review Summary, which contains information and documentation relating to its concerns.

If OTI determines that there is not substantial evidence of invalidity, it terminates the review and sends any scores not already reported to the test taker and designated score recipients. Any score recipients who have raised questions about the scores are then advised that ETS found no score validity issues that would cause the scores to be canceled.

If OTI staff finds substantial evidence that scores may be invalid, they notify the test taker and offer a single opportunity to submit additional information that addresses ETS's concerns. Upon receipt of such information, OTI staff refer the Score Review Summary and any additional information supplied by the test taker to the ETS Board of Review for consideration and decision/recommendation. If the test taker elects not to respond by the expiration of the time period indicated in ETS's letter, the test taker's scores will be canceled without further notice. In this case, there will be no review by the Board.

Test takers are also offered the options to cancel the scores and take a future test without charge, or to cancel the scores and receive a refund.

When there are concerns regarding plagiarism in the Writing section, the scores from the test administration are automatically canceled.

Submitting Additional Information.
Before questioned scores are submitted to the Board of Review, the OTI provides test takers with an opportunity to submit information addressing ETS's concerns. Test takers may submit any information about their test experience that is relevant. For example:
Authenticated original documents written prior to the questioned test administration may address questions about handwriting differences.
In the case of a physical impairment or other disability, the test taker may submit a doctor's certificate or other relevant information.
The Board of Review considers all such information, and in some cases it resolves ETS's concerns.

On the other hand, the Board of Review gives little weight to information that does not specifically address ETS's questions about score validity. For example, character references or testimonial letters do not explain handwriting differences or unusual agreement between the answers of 2 or more test takers.

The Second Stage of Review.
The Board of Review is an impartial group of ETS professional staff. Board of Review members do not review scores from testing programs for which they have managerial or administrative responsibility. The Board meets in rotating panels to review cases. If even a single panel member concludes there is not substantial evidence of invalidity, the review is terminated and the scores are reported.

The Board of Review considers the contents of the Score Review Summary (which, in discrepant-handwriting cases, includes a report from an external document examiner retained by ETS) and any information submitted by the test taker. If the Board of Review finds that there is substantial evidence of invalidity, OTI notifies the test taker. ETS offers options before cancelling the test taker's scores at this stage, as explained below under "Options Leading to Resolution." As discussed above, cancellation of scores is still an option.

Options Leading to Resolution.
Option 1 — Test Taker May Cancel the Scores and Take a Future Test without Charge.
A test taker may ask ETS to cancel the questioned scores and take a future test without charge. ETS then removes the scores from the test taker's record. If the scores have already been reported, ETS notifies score recipients or other third parties that the test taker's scores have been canceled.

Option 2 — Test Taker May Cancel the Scores and Receive a Refund.
A test taker may ask ETS to cancel the questioned scores and receive a refund of the test fee. ETS then removes the scores from the test taker's record and refunds any applicable test fees paid by the test taker. If the scores have been previously reported, ETS notifies score recipients or other third parties that the test taker's scores have been canceled.

Option 3— Arbitration.
A test taker may ask to have a third-party arbitrator, appointed by the American Arbitration Association, determine whether ETS has substantial evidence to support the cancellation of the questioned test scores.

The arbitration option is available only to test takers testing in the United States at the time of testing.

Requirements.
A test taker electing this option must sign a standard ETS Arbitration Agreement that spells out the procedures that will apply in the arbitration. Arbitration is intended only as an independent review of ETS's decision that there is substantial evidence to support cancellation. This review is based upon the documents alone. As a result, the arbitrator will review only the information that had been submitted to the ETS Board of Review when it decided to cancel the scores. Therefore, test takers may not submit any information in the arbitration that was not submitted to the Board of Review within the time provided.

Cost.
ETS pays the cost of arbitration.

Questions about Options.
Test takers who have questions about any of these options are invited to contact OTI (see "Contact Information" below).

Cancellation Procedures.
When ETS cancels test scores, the scores are no longer reportable. Any applicable test fee the test taker paid is refunded, or the test taker may take a future test without charge. If scores have not already been reported to any score recipients, ETS takes no further action. If the scores have been reported, ETS notifies the score recipients or other third parties that previously received the scores that they have been canceled.

Advice from Others.
Test takers may seek advice from a trusted individual concerning ETS's test score review procedures. OTI staff members are available to discuss the ETS score review process with the test taker or any individual who has been asked by the test taker to help resolve these questions. Test takers must give ETS written permission to talk to anyone.

Contact Information.
Please contact the Office of Testing Integrity (OTI) if you have any questions regarding questioned test scores:

Email:
tsreturns@ets.org
Phone:
1-800-750-6991 (Toll free in the United States, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico and Canada)
+1-609-406-5430 (all other locations)
Mail:
Office of Testing Integrity
ETS
Princeton, NJ 08541.

