TOEFL iBT® Resources.
We offer a variety of resources to help you along the way during your study-abroad journey. From choosing a destination to preparing for your TOEFL® test, we're here with the information and tools you need. Make sure you join our mailing list to receive the latest updates and information, and check out our TOEFL Blog to learn how the TOEFL test can help you pursue your academic dreams.

Information Bulletin and Forms.
Download materials to help you get ready to take the TOEFL test.

Prepare for the Test.
Browse our test prep section to find the resources you need to do your best on test day.

Scoring Guides.
Read about how the Writing and Speaking sections are scored.

Improve Your Skills.
Find advice on improving your English-language skills.

TOEFL Destination Directory.
Search 11,500+ institutions that accept TOEFL scores.


TOEFL® TV Channel.
Watch success stories, in-depth videos about the TOEFL test and more.


Expand Your Options with the TOEFL® Search Service.
This free service uses criteria from your ETS account to match you with universities and institutions around the world. You can receive information about programs, admission requirements, financial aid opportunities and more.

Opt in for free.


TOEFL iBT® Information Bulletin and Forms.
Information Bulletin and Bulletin Supplement.

2021–22 TOEFL iBT® Information Bulletin.
Get complete instructions for registration, forms, identification (ID) requirements, score reporting information, policies and procedures. Effective July 1, 2021–June 30, 2022.

2021–22 TOEFL iBT® Bulletin Supplement for Test Takers with Disabilities or Health-related Needs.
If you are requesting testing accommodations due to a disability or health-related need, you can't register using the online registration system or by phone. This supplement, along with the Registration Bulletin, has the information and the forms you need to register. Effective July 1, 2021–June 30, 2022.

Forms
2021–22 TOEFL iBT® Registration Form.
Additional Score Report Request Form.
TOEFL iBT® Score Review Request Form.
Score Reinstatement Request Form.

Code Lists
The following lists are needed for registration by phone or mail. If no code is listed, use our TOEFL® Destination Search to contact the institution directly.

Department Codes.
Country/Location and Region Codes.
Native Language Codes.

 

TOEFL iBT® Scoring Guides.
Scoring Guides (Rubrics) for Speaking Responses.
Scoring Guides (Rubrics) for Writing Responses.

Improve Your Skills.
Learn how to improve your English-language skills to help prepare you for the TOEFL iBT® test and university study. Select the skill you wish to improve for some helpful advice on how to do so.

Tips to Improve Your Reading Skills.
Learn how to improve your English reading skills with these tips to help you prepare for the TOEFL iBT® test and university study.

Read in English as much and as often as you can.
Read texts on a variety of topics.
Read both academic and non-academic materials.
Read about subjects that interest you and about subjects that don't interest you.
Write basic questions to test your understanding of a text.
Write questions and answers about the first paragraph, then guess what might be discussed in the next paragraph.
Use your knowledge of grammar to understand difficult sections of a passage.
Think carefully about the relationship between independent and dependent clauses.
Look for words that refer back to some information given in a previous section of the text.
Look at pronouns and find the nouns that they refer to.
Look at relative pronouns (who, that, which, whom, whose) used in adjective clauses — for example, "The student whose classmates are taking the TOEFL® test …" and find the nouns they refer to.
Continually expand your vocabulary knowledge.
It is important to increase your vocabulary on many subjects, because you will have to read about various topics at university.
Review glossaries/lists of terms used in academic textbooks.
Make a plan for studying new words.
Write a new word on 1 side of a card and the definition on the back.
Write the sentence you saw the word in to help you learn correct usage.
Study the words often, and always mix up the cards.
Group the words by topic or meaning. Study the words as a list of related words.
Study vocabulary by making a list of opposites (words with different meanings) and synonyms (words with similar meanings).
opposites — relevant-irrelevant, abstract-concrete
synonyms — excellent, outstanding, superb
Review the new words on a regular basis so that you remember them.
Expand your vocabulary by analyzing the parts of a word.
This will help you understand some unknown words that you see.

Study roots — a part of a word that other parts are attached to:
-spect- (look at);
-dict- (say).
Study prefixes — a part of a word attached to the beginning of the word:
in- (into);
pre- (before).
Study suffixes — a part of a word attached at the end of the word:
-tion (inspection);
-able (predictable).
Study word families — the noun, verb, adjective or adverb forms of related words:
enjoyment (noun);
enjoy (verb);
enjoyable (adjective);
enjoyably (adverb).
Use the context to guess the meaning of unknown words.
Notice when difficult terms are defined in the text.
Look for examples with an explanation of the meaning of a word.
Look at the other words and structures around an unknown word to try to understand it.
Use resources to help you study vocabulary.
Use an English dictionary to learn correct meaning and word usage.
Get calendars that teach a new word each day, or look for websites that will send you an email with a new word each day.
Study the vocabulary you find on university websites that give information about the university and the faculty teaching at the school.
Practice correct usage by making sentences with new words. This will also help you remember both the meaning and the correct usage of the words.
Have a teacher check your sentences.
Review the new words on a regular basis so that you remember them.
Learn to recognize different organizational styles so you can understand the way an article or text is structured.
Read an entire passage from beginning to end.
Look for the main ideas of the article.
Look for the supporting details.
Pay attention to the relationship between the details and the main ideas.
Look for the common patterns of organization you find in articles.
Pay attention to connecting words so you can understand the pattern of organization.
Write a summary of a text, making sure that it incorporates the organizational pattern of the original.
Pay attention to the connecting words/transitions used for specific relationships:
steps — first, second, next, finally;
reasons — because, since;
results — as a result, so, therefore;
examples — for example, such as;
comparisons — in contrast, on the other hand;
restatements of information — in other words, that is;
conclusions — in conclusion, in summary.
If the text argues 2 points of view, be sure both points of view are reflected in your summary and that appropriate transitional words are used.
Look at connections between sentences.
Look at how the end of 1 sentence relates to the beginning of the next sentence.
Think about the connection between the ideas of the 2 sentences.
Combine the sentences using appropriate transition words to show the relationship between ideas.

Tips to Improve Your Listening Skills.
Learn how to improve your English listening skills with these tips to help you prepare for the TOEFL iBT® test and university study.

Practice listening to something in English every day, and gradually increase the amount of time that you listen.
Listen to different types of materials.
Listen actively. Try to answer the following questions:
who;
what;
when;
where;
why;
how.
Listen passively to get the general idea of what's being said.
Keep a listening log (a list of everything you listen to in English each day/week).
Write a 1-sentence summary to remember the main idea of what you heard.
Write down new expressions, idioms and vocabulary that you hear.
Use dictation and other exercises to help your listening ability.
Ask an English speaker to dictate an article to you. Good sources of material are podcasts, magazines or online articles or textbooks.
First, write down exactly what you hear.
Then, only take notes on the important points that you hear.
Do information gap exercises, using unfamiliar content and complex structures.
Use the resources in your community to practice listening to English.
Visit places where you can practice listening.
If possible, enroll in an English class.
Go to a museum and take an audio tour in English.
Follow a guided tour in English in your city.
Call or visit a hotel where tourists stay, and get information in English about room rates, hotel availability or hotel facilities.
Call and listen to information recorded in English, such as a movie schedule, a weather report or information about an airline flight.
Watch or listen to TV programs and podcasts recorded in English.
Some helpful TV channels to listen to are CNN®, Discovery Channel® and National Geographic®, as well as soap operas or situation comedies.
Do this with a friend and talk about the program together.
Watch movies or other videos online (turn off the captions!) or go to a movie in English.
Listen to an audiobook in English.
Listen to English-language recordings that come with a transcript. Listen to each recording at least 3 times:
The first time, take notes about the main ideas you hear.
The second time, read the transcript and listen for the ideas you wrote down.
The third time, write down any words and phrases that you didn't understand, and look them up.
Practice speaking English with others.
Exchange language lessons with an English speaker who wants to learn your language.
Begin to prepare for academic situations.
Visit academic classes conducted in English.
Record lectures or presentations, and replay them several times.
Listen to short sections several times, until you understand the main points and the flow of ideas.
Stop the recording in the middle, and predict what will come next.
Become familiar with the organization or structure of academic lectures.
Pay attention to the difference between main ideas and details presented.
Listen for the general (main) ideas.
Pay attention to details — facts, examples, opinions.
Pay attention to the structure:
Lecture or presentation — introduction, body and conclusion;
Narrative story — beginning, middle and end.
Learn to recognize different styles of organization:
Theory and evidence;
Cause and effect;
Steps of a process;
Comparison of 2 things.
Think carefully about the purpose of the lecture.
Try to answer the question, "What is the professor trying to accomplish in this lecture?"
Write down only the information that you hear. Be careful not to interpret information based on your personal understanding or knowledge of the topic.
Develop a note-taking strategy to help you organize information into the main points and supporting details.
Make sure your notes follow the organization of the lecture.
Listen for related ideas and relationships within a lecture, and make sure you summarize similar information together.
Use your notes to write a summary.
Listen for signals that will help you understand the organization of a talk, connections between ideas and the importance of ideas.
Listen for expressions and vocabulary that tell you the type of information being given. Think carefully about the type of information that these phrases show:
opinion — I think, It appears that, It is thought that;
theory — in theory;
inference — therefore, then;
negatives — not, words that begin with "un-," "non-," "dis-" or "a-";
fillers — non-essential information — uh, er, um.
Identify digressions — discussion of a different topic from the main topic — or jokes that are not important to the main lecture. It's OK not to understand these!
Listen for signal words or phrases that connect ideas in order to recognize the relationship between ideas. Think carefully about the connection between ideas that these words show:
reasons — because, since;
results — as a result, so, therefore, thus, consequently;
examples — for example, such as;
comparisons — in contrast, than;
an opposing idea — on the other hand, however;
another idea — furthermore, moreover, besides;
a similar idea — similarly, likewise;
restatements of information — in other words, that is;
conclusions — in conclusion, in summary.
Pay attention to the connections between examples.
When you hear 2 details, identify the relationship between them.
Write a sentence connecting the examples, using the appropriate connecting word.
Pay attention to intonation and other ways that speakers indicate that information is important. Important key words are often:
repeated;
paraphrased — repeated information but using different words;
said louder and clearer;
stressed.
Pay attention to body language and intonation patterns used to express different emotions.
Emotions are often expressed through changes in intonation or stress.
Facial expressions or word choices can indicate excitement, anger, happiness or frustration.
Listen to how native English speakers divide long sentences into "thought groups" to make them easier to understand — a thought group is a spoken phrase or short sentence. Thought groups are separated by short pauses.
Listen to sets of thought groups to be sure you get the whole idea of the talk.
Listen for pauses between important points.
Listen for numbers you might hear in prices, times or addresses.
Listen for verbs and other expressions that show if an event is happening in the past, present or future.
During a lecture, pay attention to words that are written on the board.

Tips to Improve Your Speaking Skills.
Learn how to improve your English speaking skills with these tips to help you prepare for the TOEFL iBT® test and university study.

Develop friendships with people who want to speak English with you.
If you can't find a native English speaker, find a friend who wants to practice speaking English, and promise to speak only English to each other for a certain period of time.

Record yourself speaking in English.
Read a paragraph from an academic course book, and practice summarizing the paragraph aloud.
Practice several times, and then record your summary.
Listen to your summary again a week later. Transcribe what you said, and review your mistakes.
Read a simple paragraph and record your voice. Ask a teacher to give you feedback on the recording.
Listen to something spoken by a native English speaker. Record yourself repeating the same information, and compare it to the native English speaker.
Practice speaking for a limited time on different topics without a lot of preparation.
Write down several questions about various topics. Then, select a question and answer it aloud. Try to talk for 1 minute.
family.
hobbies.
friends.
school.
cities.
countries.
places you are familiar with.
Ask a friend to give you topics, and record yourself discussing them. Ask someone to listen with you and suggest ways for you to improve.
Think of a story that you are familiar with. Tell the story to several different people, and try to tell the story faster each time.
Give yourself about 20 seconds to think about what you did yesterday. After 20 seconds, begin to recount what you did. Try to talk for 1 minute.
Pay attention to your use of the past tense.
Try to use connecting words and phrases such as first, then, while I was.
Give yourself about 20 seconds to think about what you will probably do tomorrow. After 20 seconds, begin to talk about what you are planning to do. Try to talk for 1 minute.
Try to use different forms of the future tense.
Listen to audiobooks and podcasts.
Study pronunciation, stress and intonation.
Sign up for an audiobook subscription service or look for free audiobook samples online.
Practice speaking about everyday issues relevant to students' lives.
Read articles from campus newsletters.
Discuss the articles with a speaking partner or friend.
Practice summarizing the articles and expressing your opinions about them.
Concentrate on speaking clearly, with good pronunciation and intonation.
Speak with confidence and open your mouth more widely than you normally do.
It is difficult to understand you if you speak word by word. Try to speak in "thought groups."
Take a reading passage and mark the thought groups first. Then, read it aloud, paying close attention to these groups of words and ideas.
Get an audiobook or a transcript from a news report, podcast, interview or play.
Listen to the performance and mark the pauses, stress and intonation on the transcript.
Then, read the transcript and try to imitate the pauses, stress and intonation patterns.
Listen to the radio and watch TV and movies.
Pay attention to idiomatic usage of the language and different accents or speech patterns that are used.
Write down new expressions you hear. Use the expressions in your everyday English conversations.
Choose a character from a film or TV show. Repeat the character's words, following the intonation patterns, as he or she speaks. Include the gestures or other body language of the character you are imitating.
Listen to a college radio station in your area.
Make a list of the kinds of topics being discussed.
Use the list to generate discussion topics with your friend or speaking partner.
Practice pronunciation and intonation by reading aloud.
Record yourself so you can hear your accent. Pay attention to your mistakes.
Work on pronouncing word endings clearly.

Tips to Improve Your Writing Skills.
Learn how to improve your English writing skills with these tips and practices to help you prepare for the TOEFL iBT® test and university study.

Read and listen to academic articles and other material in your own language.
Take notes on what you read and hear.

Start out taking notes in your own language, and then take notes in English.
Summarize the points in complete English sentences.
Ask your teacher to review your writing and help you correct your errors.
Gradually decrease the time it takes you to read the material and write these summaries.
Practice typing on a QWERTY (standard English) keyboard, if you don't already use one.
Listen to recorded lectures in English. Practice finding the main points and taking notes.
Stop the recording every 20–30 seconds and write down the main points.
Replay the recording to check your notes and add information you may have missed.
Use your notes to write out these ideas in fuller, more complex English sentences.
Learn important phrases that help you figure out what is happening.
Determine who the source of the information is:
the speaker;
someone else the speaker is talking about.
Find out how certain the information is — might be versus is.
Listen for words that indicate the main ideas being discussed:
point;
factor;
issue.
Practice writing grammatically correct sentences and use appropriate words to summarize information from text and lecture material.
Each week, focus on a different aspect of English grammar. Complete grammatical exercises that reinforce this aspect.
Record news broadcasts and informational programs in English from the radio or TV.
Practice listening and writing grammatical sentences about what you hear the newscaster say.
Ask your teacher or a friend to review your work.
Learn to pay attention to differing ideas about a topic, and to find the similarities and differences of opinion.
Look at different articles about the same topic (for example, editorials). Make a list of the similarities and differences of opinion about the topic.
Take a controversial cultural issue, and write about how your culture understands it. Then, compare your ideas with someone from another culture.
Study expressions that are used to compare and contrast ideas:
in contrast;
on the other hand;
however;
but;
although;
similarly;
like.
Do another writing task in which you explain the ways in which these points are related, the ways they are different, or the ways in which one article supports the other or makes you look at the other in a different way.
Read 1 lengthy article in English from a magazine or a website each day.
Outline the article.
Write a summary of it in English as quickly as you feel comfortable writing.
Ask your teacher to review your summary to see if your sentences are grammatically correct, and if your sentences and vocabulary have accurately expressed the ideas from the original source.
If you are writing many short, simple sentences, try to combine related ideas into more lengthy, complex sentences.
Read short but interesting academic articles in magazines and on websites in your own language each day.
Translate them into complete, accurate sentences in English.
Ask your teacher to review your translations for accuracy of content, vocabulary, and grammar.
Learn to recognize common errors you make so you can correct these on your own.
Practice combining information you have heard and read into a written summary.
Read a text before listening to a talk on the same subject. Make a list of the similarities and differences of the information presented.
Read an editorial on a subject. Then talk to someone about it and listen to what they say about the issue. Then, write a summary of the different views.
Get a book that teaches the different types of connecting words.
These expressions show the relationship between sentences and paragraphs. Know expressions that show:
reasons — because, since;
results — as a result, so, therefore;
examples — for example, such as;
comparisons — in contrast, on the other hand;
a process or list — first, second, then;
conclusions — in conclusion, in summary.
Practice English writing and typing every day.
Keep a journal — write your opinions about things you experience or topics in which you are interested.
Start out writing in your own language — this will help you get used to journal writing and build your confidence in your writing ability.
When you begin to feel comfortable keeping a journal, write it in English.
Pay attention to your grammar and sentence structure.
Study the basics of English grammar and develop your vocabulary.
Practice writing correct sentences in English — begin by writing simple sentences.
Make sure each sentence has a subject and a verb, and that the subject agrees with the verb.
The student likes …; The students like … .
Take 2 of your sentences and practice combining them.
Re-read what you wrote — look for and correct mistakes.
Study the organization of good paragraphs and essays.
A good paragraph discusses 1 main idea. This idea is usually included in the first sentence, which is called the topic sentence. Each paragraph should discuss 1 aspect of the main idea of the essay.

Write paragraphs in English that focus on 1 main idea and contain several complete sentences that explain or support that idea.
Ask your teacher to review your paragraphs for correctness.
Think about who will be reading your writing. In some situations, you need to write in a formal manner and your sentence structure, vocabulary use and general style should reflect that.
Read in English as much as you can — this will help you recognize good writing styles.
Pay attention to how ideas support a position.
Practice generating ideas to support a position.

Read articles and essays that express opinions about an issue — for example, a social, environmental or educational issue.
Identify the writer's opinion or opinions.
Notice how the writer addresses possible objections to the opinion, if they are present.
Outline the article and note the ways the writer supports the ideas.
Write a response in English to the article or essay, taking the opposite viewpoint.
Outline your response.
Note the methods you use to support your ideas.
Re-read what you have written.
Make sure your supporting ideas are clearly related to your main point.
Note what methods you use to develop each of your supporting points.
Make sure you have developed each of your points in detail. Is there anything more you could have said to strengthen your points?
Pay attention to how you organize ideas.
Think about how a reader who isn't familiar with your topic is going to be able to follow the information you want to present.

Spend time planning and thinking about how to organize your ideas. Your reader should be able to understand how your essay is organized.
Have a friend or teacher outline your essay so you can see if others can recognize how you present and explain your ideas.
Make sure you are using the right words to connect your ideas and supporting information in the way you want your reader to understand them.
Remember that your reader doesn't know what you know or what you intend. Is there any way your reader might misunderstand? If so, consider revising how you present and explain your ideas.
Ask your teacher to check your use of topic sentences, paragraphs, and connecting words, phrases and sentences. Did you use these correctly and effectively?
Continue improving your English writing ability.
Create your own dictionary of English words.
Use those words in your own writing.
Try writing longer and more complex sentences.
Focus on appropriate sentence formation and accurate word choice.